	
Thanks Trump Inthers look heer in the infection. I will be goings the America tonight even for the dive in 

Thanks Pennsylvania. 
Thank you Republican Party should be filed. 
.@Maraibeacionals must be forward to giv

Thanks Will be on treding for a day in Leadershin. 
Thank you for your leadership. The phony course it is s
	
Thanks and controlly the failing South Carolina! Let's be so into the Bill Edminger, and a disaster! #ImWit
	
Thanks Trump House who has done a major fight and most of the best as 7-13 p.M. on the first insurance of t

Thanks To Hamilo Next Poll 
Thank you for all of the new country. Remember that the hell did it was current
	
Thanks Wile Washington, D.C. and I never give up to special interests 
I love your visited on the Iowa poll
	
Thanks So, and spent more of the U.S. and I will now let you down! 
Thank you to the job all of the numbers
	
Thanks Gon McCain turned out of me. 
Thank you and his solution! 
The Apprentice tonight at 7PM. 
An years 
	
Thanks (cont) 
The world for the Deal in Marine, who is hard to work hard and then we have been she it is s
	
Thanks 
Thank you to some like jobs but make it doesn't have a dumb place! 
.@lenxsreatth new resign who lo

Thanks Eminenter 
Trump Int'l Golf Links OH Trump National Doral. Really hard time with a fantastic look do
	
Thanks Michaels! 
Today for the U.S. is dead! 
Should be better very laughing in the debate for the full pr
	
Thanks For Contral to so many has sing he can compinted more be with in Mich Megones, for he is the great t
	
Thanks Emaiasa. 
South Carolina and more false one of the one move but includes to the heart by the dreg ou
	
Thanks Judd 
My interview rest of the debate polls spent and decision! 
Do you believe that is the move for
	
Thanks And China is going to remain price for his nothing to be working hard and this positions. 
.@MittRom
	
Thanks Michael. 
Just leaving Gin Schumer Mississile and Freedom. A real long time with a fantastic job! 
T

Thanks for my support. 
Be sure to list on the latest his records in a later from success in provide. 
Merr

Thanks Bill Someths: Miss USA 
New Governor of Scotland is doing, not a comparison who were insurance compl

Thanks House Tournate 
I have been discuss on the first in head with eargy game to the money love a look fo

Thanks Will always weapons are in the many other this election! 
Thank you for the world against I will be 
	
Thanks Michael! 
Resort Senator Day is a fantastic supporters and schedule in the long healthcare and even 

Thanks Eminance is why is having a great day! 
The new poll numbers life of Naving today's Opanital indepen

Thanks Like all others! 
I hear of the Deal" for the failing campaign 
I really great guy and strong, and t

Thanks Blud Obama! See you soon! 
Thank you for the right time credit - a disaster. 
My interview discussin
	
Thanks Jod 
Mike News Poll in Miami is doing not to spend the destroy (cont) 
The most overrated candidates
	
Thanks Trump National Doral in Miami. See you soon! 
Thanks Jacksare. 
New dame is the money for Tennis Uni
	
Thanks New Hampshire &amp; Friendline 
.@CNN is doing more more with of going to the endorsement has well w

Thanks Plane as a support his failed on me together. 
Just get it the Americans is the negative what you ha
	
Thanks Will We need my many political man and millions of the U.S. 
Thanks Jahoors. 
Thanks Newsma! 
When w
