HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the The American people are eternally grateful. Thank you for keeping America PROUD, STRONG and FREE! 
We will defend our people, our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont: 
Our hearts &amp; prayers go out to the people of London, who suffered a vicious terrorist attack.... 
NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country.
Proclamation: 
CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration! 
ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth! 
We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive &amp; nasty! 
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct! 
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off &amp; use better! 
Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive! 
With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate, Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51. Can't get votes, END NOW! 
FLORIDA-
Just like TX, WE are w/you today, we are w/you tomorrow, &amp; we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to RESTORE, RECOVER, &amp; REBUILD! 
WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA!

Emergency Information 
1-800-342-3557
https://t.co/zbWkR5VmDp

Volunteer 
1-800-FL-HELP-1
https://t.co/ghkbVajBN0 
...I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry, I will veto because I love our country &amp; its people. 
Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. &amp; its people... 
Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site. 
Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever! 
Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA etc. A real disaster, much work to do! 
...They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security 
Does anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? Really!..... 
The WALL, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built. 
No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote. 
The "deplorables" came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but, in the end, had no game! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction! 
China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages! 
With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go! 
I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard, FEMA and many of the brave first responders &amp; others. 
The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut &amp; Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress! 
It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the today! 
Congratulations to Eric &amp; Lara on the birth of their son, Eric "Luke" Trump this morning! 
The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater, at least in certain locations,than anyone thought - but amazing people working hard! 
Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me &amp; have zero access. #FAKE NEWS! 
May God Forever Bless the United States of America. #NeverForget911 
#NeverForget 
The U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone! 
Heed the advice of you're in an evacuation zone, you need to get to a shelter...there's not many hours left." Gov. Scott 
FLORIDA- 
Visit to find shelters, road closures, &amp; evacuation routes. Helpful Twitter list: 
Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others). 
Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry! 
...never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish! 
Republicans, sorry, but I've been hearing about Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years, didn't happen! Even worse, the Senate Filibuster Rule will.... 
Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard! 
Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion, perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its way,if possible. Federal G is ready! 
I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local &amp; state officials! 
During my trip to Saudi Arabia, I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab &amp; Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies.. 
Together, we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE! 
Welcome to the Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon: 
For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action! 
Thank you, our great honor! 
Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful, be safe! #FEMA 
If we want to renew our PROSPERITY, restore OPPORTUNITY, &amp; re-establish our economic DOMINANCE, then we need tax reform that is pro-growth.. 
Thank you for joining me in Mandan, ND Gov. Lt. Gov. &amp; 
Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic! 
Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary! 
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change. 
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't, I will revisit this issue! 
I look forward to working w/ D's + R's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st. 
I am allowing Japan &amp; South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States. 
Congress, get ready to do your job - DACA! 
Big week coming up! 
We are building our future with American hands, American labor, American iron, aluminum and steel. Happy #LaborDay! 
The United States is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea. 
I will be meeting General Kelly, General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you. 
South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing! 
..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success. 
North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States..... 
So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives. An honor to spend time w/ #LEOs &amp; the #CajunNavy! 
Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)! 
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana, where things are going well. Such cooperation &amp; coordination! 
The Manufacturing Index rose to 59%, the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better! 
TEXAS: We are with you today, we are with you tomorrow, and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, and REBUILD! 
Departing for Texas and Louisiana with Melania right now We will see you soon. America is with you! 
On behalf of Melania &amp; myself, THANK YOU for today's update &amp; GREAT WORK! #SouthernBaptist &amp; 
I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House. 
Stock Market up 5 months in a row! 
'President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3, 2017, as a National Day of Prayer' #HurricaneHarvey #PrayForTexas 
Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow! 
...get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST! 
General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to.. 
Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system! 
Texas is heeling fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. But still, so much to do. Will be back tomorrow! 
THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas. America is with you! #TexasStrong 
https://t.co/8N4ABo9Ihp 
Texas &amp; Louisiana: We are w/ you today, we are w/ you tomorrow, &amp; we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, &amp; REBUILD! 
Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed! 
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA! 
After witnessing first hand the horror &amp; devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas! 
The U.S. has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer! 
.@foxandfriends We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Don't need many of them - reduce size of government. 
Leaving now for Texas! 
HISTORIC rainfall in Houston, and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented, and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks! 
Major rescue operations underway! 
Going to a Cabinet Meeting (tele-conference) at 11:00 A.M. on #Harvey. Even experts have said they've never seen one like this! 
We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico &amp; Canada.Both being very difficult,may have to terminate? 
With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world, we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other. 
Wow - Now experts are calling #Harvey a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going, and going well! 
I will also be going to a wonderful state, Missouri, that I won by a lot in '16. Dem C.M. is opposed to big tax cuts. Republican will win S! 
I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety. 
Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground. 
Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued. 
A great book by a great guy, highly recommended! 
Wonderful coordination between Federal, State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall. 
THANK YOU to all of the great volunteers helping out with #HurricaneHarvey relief in Texas! 
Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City, State and Federal Govs. working great together! 
.@ChuckGrassley - got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground, got there long before #Harvey. So far, so good! 
You are doing a great job - the world is watching! Be safe. 
We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #HurricaneHarvey makes landfall. America is w/ you! 
I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe! 
At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help! 
Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe! 
Just arrived at Camp David, where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class 3). 125 MPH winds! 
Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE! 
I encourage everyone in the path of #HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice &amp; orders of their local and state officials. 
Received a #HurricaneHarvey briefing this morning from Acting Secretary Elaine Duke, and COS John Kelly. 
I have spoken w/ of Texas and Edwards. Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey developments &amp; here to assist as needed. 
Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18. Tennessee not happy! 
Nick Adams, "Retaking America" "Best things of this presidency aren't reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever." 
Few, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, ISIS, SC! 
General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Don't believe the Fake News 
If Senate Republicans don't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51% majority, few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate! 
A GREAT HONOR to spend time with our BRAVE HEROES at the Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United States of America! 
A great honor to spend time with our brave HEROES at the Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United Staes of America! 
On Tuesday, I visited with the incredible men &amp; women of &amp; Border Patrol in Yuma, AZ. Thank you. We respect &amp; cherish you! 
The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that, after hearing Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years, he failed!That should NEVER have happened! 
James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me? 
..(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones! 
James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me? 
...(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones! 
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, there was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally..... 
...(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong).To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones! 
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, their was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally..... 
...didn't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess! 
I requested that Mitch M &amp; Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They... 
Donald E. Ballard, on behalf of the people of the United States, THANK YOU for your courageous service. YOU INSPIRE US ALL! #ALConv2017 
A great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement &amp; Modernization Act into law w/ 
As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values, then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer! #ALConv2017 
If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule &amp; go to a simple majority, which the Dems would do, they are just wasting time! 
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it! 
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak on crime &amp; border! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
#DrainTheSwamp #PhoenixRally 
Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups, but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets! 
Thank you Arizona. Beautiful turnout of 15,000 in Phoenix tonight! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at: 
THANK YOU to all of the great men and women at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility in Yuma, Arizona &amp; around the United States! 
We will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts, courage in our souls &amp; everlasting pride in each &amp; every one of you. God Bless America. 
We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain, and their families. 
Was with great people last night in Fort Myer, Virginia. The future of our country is strong! 
Address to the Nation
Full Video &amp; Transcript:
https://t.co/FELdImTuUM 
Thank you, the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control! 
Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry! 
Thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ our sailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search &amp; rescue efforts are underway. 
Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen! 
I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one! 
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal, &amp; we will heal, &amp; be stronger than ever before! 
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heel, &amp; we will heel, &amp; be stronger than ever before! 
Great job by all law enforcement officers and Boston Mayor 
Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you. 
Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition! 
Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made, including on Afghanistan. 
I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S 
My thoughts and prayers are with the and their loved ones. We are with you!
#LESM 
I have directed that U.S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on....cont: 
Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever). 
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough! 
The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop! 
Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert &amp; closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before! 
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years! 
The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona, Spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough &amp; strong, we love you! 
...the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced! 
...can't change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who's next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish! Also... 
Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You..... 
Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great! 
Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake, who is WEAK on borders, crime and a non-factor in Senate. He's toxic! 
The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, bigotry etc. Shame! 
...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember! 
Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis &amp; white supremacists...... 
THANK YOU for following the RULE OF LAW! Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE! Full remarks: 
Join me at 7:00 P.M. on Tuesday, August 22nd in Phoenix, Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center! Tickets at: 
Today in Bedminster I signed the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017, joined by 
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council &amp; Strategy &amp; Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all! 
Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all! 
Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall &amp; Crime! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable! 
Congratulations John! 
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race! 
Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost! 
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS! 
Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great! 
According to report just out, President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger Russia! 
Senator Luther Strange, who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama, will be on at 7:15. Tough on crime, borders etc. 
Feels good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home! 
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people! 
Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade. 
Big day in Washington, D.C., even though White House &amp; Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers! 
.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher &amp; higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back &amp; LOWER PRICES! 
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! 
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast! 
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border &amp; Wall, the military, tax cuts &amp; law enforcement. 
Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA 
Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in Charlottesville, Virginia. So sad! 
Deepest condolences to the families &amp; fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces. 
We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville, and will provide whatever assistance is needed. We are ready, willing and able. 
We must remember this truth: No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST. 
What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives.
#Charlottesville 
Join me live from Bedminster, New Jersey: 
Am in Bedminster for meetings &amp; press conference on V.A. &amp; all that we have done, and are doing, to make it better-but Charlottesville sad! 
We ALL must be united &amp; condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one! 
As promised on the campaign trail, we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed &amp; thrive as the economy grows! 
"Consumer Comfort Reaches 16-Year High on U.S. Economic Optimism" via Bloomberg 
We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are.... 
Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely. Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path! 
"Trump approval rebounds to 45%, surges among Hispanics, union homes, men" 
Mitch, get back to work and put Repeal &amp; Replace, Tax Reform &amp; Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it! 
Can you believe that Mitch McConnell, who has screamed Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years, couldn't get it done. Must Repeal &amp; Replace ObamaCare! 
Senator Mitch McConnell said I had "excessive expectations," but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal &amp; Replace, why not done? 
...Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world! 
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before.... 
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement! 
After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls! 
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane. 
After many years of failure,countries are coming together to finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough &amp; decisive! 
I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster, N.J. 
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there 
How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources), remain in business? 
The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea! 
...conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion? 
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and.... 
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a phony Vietnam con artist! 
Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings. 
Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES &amp; WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger! 
... Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation &amp; so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change! 
...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs..... 
The Trump base is far bigger &amp; stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio....... 
The failing which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept! 
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions. 
The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S.C., surging economy &amp; jobs,border &amp; military security,ISIS &amp; MS-13 etc. 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K. 
Thank you Nicole! 
After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington, it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security, the tougher the better! 
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact! 
Working in Bedminster, N.J., as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - meetings and calls! 
"Under Trump, gains against #ISIS have dramatically accelerated"
https://t.co/jNtOTh0moL 
Great work being done by w/state &amp; local leaders to prepare for hurricane season. Preparedness is an investment in our future! 
Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA! 
West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond, GDP at 3%, wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night. 
Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation "busting" to come. Working hard on tax cuts &amp; reform! 
....and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin. 
Toyota &amp; Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing! 
Thank you West Virginia! All across the country, Americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere, using #VAVideoConnect - available at: 
Today, I announced another historic breakthrough for the VA. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our GREAT VETERANS! #USA 
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time &amp; very dangerous low. You can thank Congress, the same people that can't even give us HCare! 
I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business &amp; jobs will grow. 
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen! 
I love the White House, one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE 
I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers &amp; taxpayers. Watch: #RAISEAct 
"Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero's welcome"
https://t.co/nqiZ8h8ajk 
It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above &amp; beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES, our COUNTRY, &amp; OUR FREEDOM! 
Small business owners are the DREAMERS &amp; INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future!
Read more and watch here: 
Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out! 
"Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now." Thank you Stuart Varney Jobs are starting to roar,watch! 
Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22,000 today. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions! 
A great day at the White House! 
Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S.C.: No WH chaos! 
If ObamaCare is hurting people, &amp; it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies &amp; why should Congress not be paying what public pays? 
Don't give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal &amp; Replace...and go to 51 votes (nuke option), get Cross State Lines &amp; more. 
...they do NOTHING for us with North Korea, just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem! 
I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade, yet... 
I love reading about all of the "geniuses" who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is, most don't exist. #Fake News! MAGA 
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Repeal &amp; Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill! 
U.S. Stock Market up almost 20% since Election! 
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon! 
After seven years of "talking" Repeal &amp; Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare! 
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE! 
....8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass, like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart! 
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time...... 
The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M, go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT'S TIME! 
Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party, allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE! 
In other words, Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not, I want strong military &amp; low oil prices. Witch Hunt! 
We will defend our country, protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST! Replay: 
I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him! 
...and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administration 
I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American.... 
Departing for Long Island now. An area under siege from #MS13 gang members. We will not rest until #MS13 is eradicated. #LESM 
We will always ENFORCE our laws, PROTECT our borders, and SUPPORT our police! #LESM
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania 
#FlashbackFriday #MS13 
...Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51, some really good things need 60. So many great future bills &amp; budgets need 60 votes.... 
If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate, they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority, not senseless 60... 
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch! 
Go Republican Senators, Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years. Give America great healthcare! 
It was my great HONOR to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer - THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIVE AMERICAN HEROES! 
Today, we gathered in the East Room to pay tribute to the HEROES whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in Alexandria, VA. 
Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving #TeamScalise 
Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! 
...about then candidate Trump." Catherine Herridge So why doesn't Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting. 
"One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information..... 
Come on Republican Senators, you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years, this is your chance to shine! Don't let the American people down! 
Wow, the Failing said about "....the most powerful T.V. show in America." 
Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation. It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today! Full Remarks: 
...big dollars ($700,000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp! 
Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got.... 
....victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you 
....Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming..... 
After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow...... 
Senator of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans, and our country, down yesterday. Too bad! 
The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon! 
People of Ohio are fantastic. Thank you so much. What an evening! 
It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown, Ohio this evening. A grateful nation salutes you! 
.@SenJohnMcCain-Thank you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote. Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans! 
"America's Labor Market Continues to Boom" JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! 
The American people have waited long enough. There has been enough talk and no action for seven years. Now is the time for action! 
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there! 
This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people! 
Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big &amp; exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP! 
Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old Barron Trump! 
So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John. 
ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal &amp; Replace! I have pen in hand. 
Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate! 
Problem is that the acting head of the FBI &amp; the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from H for wife! 
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails &amp; DNC server) &amp; Intel leakers! 
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - "quietly working to boost Clinton." So where is the investigation A.G. 
Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly? 
So many stories about me in the are Fake News. They are as bad as ratings challenged Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes? 
The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad..... 
Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the #OCareNightmare! 
Remarks: 
Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with and 
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal &amp; Replace after years of talking &amp; campaigning on it. 
Sleazy Adam Schiff, the totally biased Congressman looking into "Russia," spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse! 
So why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes &amp; Russia relations? 
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that "Democrats should blame ourselves,not Russia." 
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News! 
Thank you to for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+. S.C.,reg cutting,Stock M, jobs,border etc. = TRUE! 
If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare, the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand! 
It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion, even if should be positive, is bad! 
It's very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President. 
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians! 
American steel &amp; American hands have constructed a 100,000 ton message to the world: American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NONE!
#USSGeraldRFord #USA 
ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators! 
The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to Repeal and Replace. Next, Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN! 
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the Republican Primaries started, but didn't think I was running! 
My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media &amp; authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted (&amp; acid washed) her 33,000 e-mails! 
...What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia, including Podesta Company, Uranium deal, Russian Reset, big dollar speeches etc. 
So many people are asking why isn't the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33,000 e-mails deleted? 
While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS 
This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, The Gerald R. Ford. Norfolk, Va. 
The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,Al-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security 
A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post,this time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks, like Comey's, must stop! 
Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright! 
Today, it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to the WH. Remarks: 
Billions of dollars in investments &amp; thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning, Merck &amp; Pfizer: 
Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family. Get well soon. 
https://t.co/fONWVlmYyz 
The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, &amp; it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies! 
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America! 
The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister! 
Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is "sick." All G 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew! 
The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control Senate. Crazy! 
With only a very small majority, the Republicans in the House &amp; Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct, no votes! 
As I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned! 
We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific &amp; worked really hard. We will return! 
Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now &amp; work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in! 
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics! 
Heading back to Washington, D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security! 
I am at the #USWomensOpen. An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting! 
The #USSJohnFinn will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe. Our sailors are the best anywhere in the world. Congratulations! 
The ABC/Washington Post Poll, even though almost 40% is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time! 
With all of its phony unnamed sources &amp; highly slanted &amp; even fraudulent reporting, #Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country! 
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign. 
Thank you to all of the supporters, who far out-numbered the protesters, yesterday at the Women's U.S. Open. Very cool! 
HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate &amp; delete 33,000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media? 
Just got to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Will be at the Women's U.S. Open today! 
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also, jobs numbers are starting to look very good! 
Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers! 
I will be at the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected &amp; the women are playing great-should be very exciting! 
Honored to serve as Commander-in-Chief to the courageous men and women of our U.S. Armed Forces. A grateful nation thanks you! 
President you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France. #BastilleDay #14juillet 
Just landed from Paris, France. It was an incredible visit with President A lot discussed and accomplished in two days! 
Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the
#USWomensOpen, their most important tournament, this afternoon. 
Great conversations with President and his representatives on trade, military and security. 
It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent #BastilleDay parade. Congratulations President 
.@VP Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people. 
After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised! 
So impt Rep Senators, under leadership of McConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of O'Care disaster, must happen! 
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in hand! 
Great evening with President &amp; Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with France stronger than ever. 
President you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today! 
Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the members of the U.S. Military and their families. 
Just landed in Paris, France with Melania. 
Getting rdy to leave for France the invitation of President Macron to celebrate &amp; honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI. 
"After 14 years, U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture." 
The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform &amp; many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V. 
Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful! 
.@WashTimes states "Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump." 
ISIS is on the run &amp; will soon be wiped out of Syria &amp; Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down (75%) &amp; MS 13 gangs are being removed. 
Remember, when you hear the words "sources say" from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist. 
My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open, transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad! 
My son, Donald, will be interviewed by tonight at 10:00 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country! 
Big wins against ISIS! 
Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all! 
Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned! 
The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They can't win so all they do is slow things down &amp; obstruct! 
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES! 
When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees! 
I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go! 
James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal! 
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can,&amp; did! 
Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good! 
For years, even as a "civilian," I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian &amp; Syrian problems are solved! 
...have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election? 
...and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA &amp; FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER, and were rejected, still don't.... 
Putin &amp; I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit so that election hacking, &amp; many other negative things, will be guarded.. 
...We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia! 
I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion..... 
The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done! 
Thank you very kind! 
Law enforcement &amp; military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. #G20Summit 
The #G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you! 
We will fight the #FakeNews with you! 
Great first day with world leaders at the #G20Summit here in Hamburg, Germany. Looking forward to day two! #USA 
I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA! 
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful! 
My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech! 
A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe, and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West, and to the world. 
THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH! 
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism. #POTUSinPoland 
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try! 
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us? 
Getting ready to leave for Poland, after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday. 
Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower. 
Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper! 
....and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all! 
North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea..... 
Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report? 
Really great numbers on jobs &amp; the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Don't like steel &amp; aluminum dumping! 
Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on 
If we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so. 
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with ISIS, the border &amp; so much else! 
Will be speaking with Italy this morning! 
Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening! 
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning. 
Stock Market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger! 
#FraudNewsCNN #FNN 
I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN! 
....the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews, and did. We will continue to WIN! 
The FAKE &amp; FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember, I won.... 
Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad! 
I am extremely pleased to see that has finally been exposed as #FakeNews and garbage journalism. It's about time! 
Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide? 
Word is that Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at &amp; because she refused to go along w/ 'Trump hate!' 
Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend #Canada150 
Watched low rated for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show 
Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year! 
If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date! 
Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal! 
Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.' Hopefully Senate will follow. 
Good news, House just passed #KatesLaw. Hopefully Senate will follow. 
Join me LIVE with and 
#UnleashingAmericanEnergy
https://t.co/hlM7F2BQD9 
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!

#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct 
#KatesLaw #SaveAmericanLives 

https://t.co/jbN4hPjqjS 
...to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no! 
I heard poorly rated speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came.. 
New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly. 
Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up. 
The #AmazonWashingtonPost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS! 
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well &amp; want victory for U.S. 
The failing writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke! 
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right, unlike OCare! 
With ZERO Democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy, the Republican Senators are working hard! 
So they caught Fake News CNN cold, but what about NBC, CBS &amp; ABC? What about the failing &amp; They are all Fake News! 
Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down! 
Wow, CNN had to retract big story on "Russia," with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS! 
Great day for America's future Security and Safety, courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people, &amp; WIN! 
From "Bombshell: In 2016, Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election." Check out his statement - Witch Hunt! 
Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE! 
Republican Senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash &amp; burn! 
..under a magnifying glass, they have zero "tapes" of T people colluding. There is no collusion &amp; no obstruction. I should be given apology! 
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia... 
...and did not want to "rock the boat." He didn't "choke," he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good. 
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win.. 
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare! 
I am on - Enjoy! 
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer! 
Obama Administration official said they "choked" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary? 
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T! 
Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums &amp; deductibles increase by over 100%. Remember keep your doctor, keep your plan? 
Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY? 
I've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills, mostly with no Democratic support, and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice! 
Will be on Enjoy! 
.@FLOTUS &amp; I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic. A wonderful evening &amp; tradition. 
We're all thinking of you #TeamScalise 
I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember, ObamaCare is dead. 
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL! 
As promised, our campaign against the MS-13 gang continues. 

"@ICEgov Busts 39 MS-13 Members in New York Operation"
https://t.co/ki41GXeCMy 
...whether there are "tapes" or recordings of my conversations with James Comey, but I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings. 
With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I have no idea... 
I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin' Chuck stay! 
...Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI, and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election! 
...Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It's all a big Dem HOAX! 
By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them? 
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump &amp; Russia. 
Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you! 
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare,Tax Cuts,Security. Obstruction doesn't work! 
Well, the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News, all the money spent = 0 
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight! 
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you! 
Thank you "Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election." 
Things are looking great for Karen H! 
While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi &amp; China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried! 
The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. Video: 
KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes, great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAY 
Democrat Jon Ossoff, who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security, doesn't even live in district. 
Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct, no ideas. Vote "R" 
Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement: 
....because he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel. 
Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent.... 
....because he doesn't live there! He wants to raise taxes &amp; kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel. 
Karen Handle's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent.... 
....getting great border security and healthcare. #VoteRalphNorman tomorrow! 
Ralph Norman, who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District, will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes, and.... 
The Dems want to stop tax cuts, good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100% increases in P's. Vote now for Karen H 
Jay Sekulow on now. 
Camp David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do! 
The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That's higher than O's #'s! 
...massive regulation cuts, 36 new legislative bills signed, great new S.C.Justice, and Infrastructure, Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works! 
The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs, high business enthusiasm,.. 
Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget! 
"Remarks by President Trump on the Policy of the U.S.A. Towards Cuba"
Video: 
Great news! #MAGA 
I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt 
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America, the economic &amp; jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up! 
The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them 
After 7 months of investigations &amp; committee hearings about my "collusion with the Russians," nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad! 
Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer, 'bleached' emails, &amp; had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- &amp; they talk about obstruction? 
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are? 
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people! #MAGA 
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice 
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve! 
Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, &amp; dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief! 
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him. 
Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day, great people! 
2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up, have no answer = resist! 
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting. 
Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories??? 
A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal! 
Well, as predicted, the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S.C. 
The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad! 
Congratulations to the 2016 Tigers!
Full ceremony: 
Congratulations! 

'First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania' 
Ivanka on now! 
Great numbers on the economy. All of our work, including the passage of many bills &amp; regulation killing Executive Orders, now kicking in! 
My daughter, Ivanka, will be on tomorrow morning. Enjoy! 
The Democrats have no message, not on economics, not on taxes, not on jobs, not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS! 
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!' 
...way up. Regulations way down. 600,000+ new jobs added. Unemployment down to 4.3%. Business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels! 
The #FakeNews MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day. #DOW up 16%. #NASDAQ up 19.5%. Drilling &amp; energy sector... 
Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling &amp; Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH! 
Great reporting by and so many others. Thank you! 
Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker! 
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare &amp; also Infrastructure! 
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow. 
Great meeting with and leaders, including 
...extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism! 
So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding... 
Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WH 
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look! 
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out. 
Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it right! 
That's right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people! 
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his "no reason to be alarmed" statement. MSM is working hard to sell it! 
.@foxandfriends Dems are taking forever to approve my people, including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals. 
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political! 
The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - &amp; seek much tougher version! 
The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C. 
People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN! 
Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck! 
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is "no reason to be alarmed!" 
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse 
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS! 
We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Join me live at the 
The big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration. 
I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord, Thursday at 3:00 P.M. The White House Rose Garden. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook &amp; even Dems &amp; DNC. 
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal &amp; replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $'s. 
Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick! 
...case against him &amp; now wants to clear his name by showing "the false or misleading testimony by James Comey, John Brennan..." Witch Hunt! 
So now it is reported that the Democrats, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, don't want him to testify. He blows away their.... 
Who can figure out the true meaning of "covfefe" ??? Enjoy! 
Despite the constant negative press covfefe 
The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems would do it, no doubt! 
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. &amp; how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News. 
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany, plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO &amp; military. Very bad for U.S. This will change 
I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning. 
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you, God bless your families &amp; God bless the USA! 
North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor, China, by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but China is trying hard! 
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging &amp; demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story! 
The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well, actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all! 
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better! 
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details! 
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered 
....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy! 
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered 
....it is very possible that those sources don't exsist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy! 
Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media, and they don't mention names.... 
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media. 
Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results! 
Big win in Montana for Republicans! 
Big win in Montana for Republicans! We 
Just arrived in Italy after having a very successful NATO meeting in Brussels. Told other nations they must pay more, not fair to U.S. 
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! 
I look forward to reading the 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary. 
...."we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices....to foster a truly level playing field." 
Just left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything, especially on trade where.... 
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week! 
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger. 
Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list, of course, is terrorism. #G7Taormina 
Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security. 
Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs. 
Today's ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve.
#NATOMeeting #NATO 
Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels, Belgium this afternoon! 
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace. 
Israel, Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican &amp; Pope, then #G7 and #NATO. 
Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit, Prime Minister and 
We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom. 
Great to be in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #POTUSAbroad 
Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do! 
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed! 
This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history! 
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration, there was never a special councel appointed! 
'U.S. Industrial Production Surged in April' 
I have been asking Director Comey &amp; others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community..... 
...to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS &amp; terrorism. 
As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining.... 
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and
#PoliceWeek Proclamation: 
Wishing Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! 

Happy #MothersDay 
Will be interviewed by on at 9:00 P.M. (Saturday night). Enjoy! 
We 
China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into China once again. This is REAL news! 
When James Clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, when does it end? 
James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press! 
...Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy??? 
As a very active President with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!.... 
The Fake Media is working overtime today! 
Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians &amp; Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election. 
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election. 
We finally agree on something Rosie. 
The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!
#DrainTheSwamp 
Dems have been complaining for months &amp; months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites! 
The Roger Stone report on is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision. 
caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge &amp; jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts. 
years, as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When.... 
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. "Richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For.... 
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me! 
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI. 
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad! 
Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently, "I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer." Then acts so indignant. #draintheswamp 
'Manufacturing openings, hires rise to highest levels of the recovery'
https://t.co/txFZDYYIOe 
Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews! 
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end? 
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news! 
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is "no evidence" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump. 
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel. 
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council. 
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that. 
Congratulations to on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again! 
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S. 
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him! 
Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead! 
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia &amp; why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate? 
The reason I am staying in Bedminster, N. J., a beautiful community, is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings! 
Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work! 
Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead! 
Wow,the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare! 
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! 
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great. 
Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money! 
Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have truly great healthcare! 
If victorious, Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote! 
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums &amp; deductibles - and be great healthcare! 
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan &amp; premiums will go down" ObamaCare lie." 
Death spiral!
'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018, citing expected losses on INDV plans this year'
https://t.co/5YnzDitF8r 
Congratulations to on its unbelievable ratings hike. 
The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this! 
...allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good! 
Susan Rice, the former National Security Advisor to President Obama, is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on..... 
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign? 
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony... 
either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess! 
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We.... 
President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen! 
This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation. 
...healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums &amp; deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions! 
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....New 
The Democrats, without a leader, have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U.S. 
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I will be interviewed on this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day! 
Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders &amp; great optimism! 
Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd, big energy! 
.@LouDobbs just stated that "President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history" Thank you Lou! 
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China &amp; its highly respected President when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. Bad! 
I will be interviewed by on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! 
We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly, and we have just started. We love our VETS! 
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the 
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible! 
What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats. 
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics! 
I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare. 
The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO! 
...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible! 
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed.. 
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare, and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our Melania! 
https://t.co/rYYp51mxDQ 
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly. 
...the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this "judge shopping!" Messy system. 
Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" case is brought in ... 
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban &amp; now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court! 
Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc. 
Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch! 
Proud of for her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20! 
If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral! 
....the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!
#BuildTheWall 
#CongratsPeggy! 
The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If 
The two fake news polls released yesterday, ABC &amp; NBC, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in General E. Watch! 
...popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me &amp; 53% said strong leader. 
New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in ..... 
Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall. 
The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members. 
ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought. 
Thank you Lake Worth, Florida. 
Very interesting election currently taking place in France. 
I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter! 
Today on Earth Day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation. 
Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday. 
Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it! 
Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans! 
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the North Korean problem, they will 
No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, &amp; it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill! 
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election! 
Failing which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H. 
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th. 
Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG "R" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help! 
Just learned that Jon who is running for Congress in Georgia, doesn't even live in the district. Republicans, get out and vote! 
Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime &amp; 2nd A. 
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO 
I will be interviewed on by starting at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy! 
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast! 
With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress, a runoff will be a win. Vote "R" for lower taxes &amp; safety! 
See you tomorrow Wisconsin!

'Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area'
https://t.co/JUxhO3oqjO 
TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50%
https://t.co/vjZkGTyQb9 
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes! 
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth! 
A great book for your reading enjoyment: "REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS" by Michael J. Knowles. 
"The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!" So true. 
The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD! 
Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice! 
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over! 
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again? 
Happy Easter to everyone! 
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens! 
Weekly Address- 
It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon! 
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses &amp; there will be lasting peace! 
I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so, the U.S., with its allies, will! U.S.A. 
Jobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again! 
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening! 
Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirst 
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily &amp; predicted victory! 
Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea. 
I will be interviewed by at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy! 
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy, I need his help on Healthcare &amp; Tax Cuts (Reform). 
North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them! U.S.A. 
I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem! 
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America, Israel, and around the world. #ChagSameach 
Thank you #USA 
...confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly. 
So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great... 
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him! 
The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)! 
Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States, and the world, so well in the Syria attack. 
...goodwill and friendship was formed, but only time will tell on trade. 
It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous... 
It was an honor to host our American heroes from the #SoldierRideDC at the today with 
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
https://t.co/XGOQPHywrt 
Great to talk jobs with #NABTU2017. Tremendous spirit &amp; optimism - we will deliver! 
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States, I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship. 
.@FoxNews from multiple sources: "There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented." 
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking! 
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know? 
Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by "Spied on before nomination." The real story. 
The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers. 
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck. 
Anybody (especially Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal &amp; Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party! 
..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated." If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S. 
Wow, just reporting big news. Source: "Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked.... 
...use subsidies to buy health plans." In other words, Ocare is dead. Good things will happen, however, either with Republicans or Dems. 
The failing finally gets it - "In places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to.. 
It is the same Fake News Media that said there is "no path to victory for Trump" that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam! 
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story? 
It is an exciting time for our country!
#WeeklyAddress #ConfirmGorsuch 
#ConfirmGorsuch #SCOTUS 
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media &amp; Dems, of historic proportion! 
...and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives. 
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits... 
Where are and #Obamacare 
If and would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform. 
If and Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform. 
Great op-ed from Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end #Obamacare. 
The failing has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws? 
The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team, &amp; fast. We must fight them, &amp; Dems, in 2018! 
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women's Empowerment Panel this afternoon at the 
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media! 
Remember when the failing apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse! 
Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of Uranium? 
The failing would do much better if they were honest! 
https://t.co/ATy8R3knS2 
Watch now on Podesta and Russia! 
Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! 
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in very good shape! 
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win! 
...money to Bill, the Hillary Russian "reset," praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA! 
Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill &amp; Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech.... 
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore. 
Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood &amp; Ocare! 
Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Watch on tonight at 9:00 P.M. 
ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry! 
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan! 
After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums &amp; deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan! 
It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the today! 
A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends. 
Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty! 
Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well. 
Big day for healthcare. Working hard! 
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Congratulations Eric &amp; Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you! 
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look? 
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox 
The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now! 
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College &amp; lost! 
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it! 
...vast sums of money to NATO &amp; the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany! 
Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes..... 
Great meeting with the Committee this morning at the 
"The President Changed. So Has Small Businesses' Confidence"
https://t.co/daTGjPmYeJ 
North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been "playing" the United States for years. China has done little to help! 
My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth &amp; future mtgs! 
Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together! 
Thank you Nashville, Tennessee! 
In Nashville, Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P.M. on Enjoy! 
CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut! 
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun! 
Will be going to Detroit, Michigan (love), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State &amp; U.S. Already happening! 
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time! 
Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, "went to his mailbox" and found my tax returns? FAKE NEWS! 
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! 
ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day. 
It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better! 
We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done! 
Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture! 
Great news. We are only just beginning. Together, we are going to #MAGA! 
Met with today at the Great discussion! 
LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015 
On International Women's Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America &amp; around the world. 
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy. 
I feel sure that my friend will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster! 
Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and getting major things done! 
I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down! 
Don't worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2 &amp; 3 of healthcare rollout. 
For eight years Russia "ran over" President Obama, got stronger and stronger, picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak! 
Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast! 
122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision! 
Thank you to for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45,000 manufacturing &amp; construction jobs in the USA! 
Buy American &amp; hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you 
45,000 construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America! 
Buy American &amp; hire American are the principals at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you 
'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program'
https://t.co/adBzWhtq8S 
Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again! 
Who was it that secretly said to Russian President, "Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility?" 
Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible? 
Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. Sad end to great show 
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy! 
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election! 
Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW! 
Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone. 
Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism! 
The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs...... 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. 
I hearby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. 
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando. 
I hear by demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. 
We should start an immediate investigation into and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite! 
Weekly Address
Join me here: 
It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet. 
Nick Adams new book, Green Card Warrior, is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada, Australia! 
...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total "witch hunt!" 
...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story... 
...intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed..... 
Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not.... 
Since November 8th, Election Day, the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs! 
THANK YOU! 
Join me live at 9:00 P.M. 
#JointAddress 
I will be interviewed on at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy! 
GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems, in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via 
Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare. 
Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks! 
For first time the failing will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately &amp; fairly! 
The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally "rigged." Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez! 
Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party! 
I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening! 
Weekly Address from 
Great optimism for future of U.S. business, AND JOBS, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax &amp; regulation cuts coming! 
The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo. 
Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all! 
FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing has become a joke. Likewise Sad! 
Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking 
https://t.co/oDLZ2NdrtA 
Going to CPAC! 
find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW 
The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even...... 
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it! 
Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help! 
'S&amp;P 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge' 
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people! 
One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win! 
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad! 
'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities' 
Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor, General H.R. McMaster. Video: 
Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor. 
Meeting with Generals at Mar-a-Lago in Florida. Very interesting! 
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT! 
My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on concerning immigrants &amp; Sweden. 
Getting ready to leave for Melbourne, Florida. See you all soon! 
Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne, Florida. A lot to talk about! 
Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it. 
Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected! 
"One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen!" says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA calls it differently! Dishonest 
The FAKE NEWS media (failing is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People! 
The FAKE NEWS media (failing and many more) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American people. SICK! 
Join me at 11:00am:
Watch here: 
General Keith Kellogg, who I have known for a long time, is very much in play for NSA - as are three others. 
Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy! 
Going to Charleston, South Carolina, in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it. 
Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast! 
'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule' 
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news! 
FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and "sources," is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast! 
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught! 
Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing (and others) must apologize! 
Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout! 
Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' #RepealAndReplace 
https://t.co/dmHL7xIEQv 
Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning! 
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American! 
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia? 
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - "The NSA &amp; FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is" Very serious situation for USA 
Information is being illegally given to the failing &amp; by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia 
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign. 
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. &amp; are unwatchable. is great! 
Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace &amp; save healthcare for ALL Americans. 
https://t.co/glWEQ0lNR4 
'Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution 41'
https://t.co/Q3MoCGAc54 
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc? 
Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! #ICYMI- watch here: 
Welcome to the Prime Minister 
Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce. 
Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest! 
Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job! 
I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president! 
After two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L 
While on FAKE NEWS Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties! 
72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA &amp; YEMEN 
The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers &amp; others are being removed! 
#ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea. 
A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks! 
Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented! 
Playef golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented! 
I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful! 
Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple! 
...design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN! 
I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the..... 
Our legal system is broken! "77% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries." (WT) SO DANGEROUS! 
The failing does major FAKE NEWS China story saying "Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14." We spoke at length yesterday! 
LAWFARE: "Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." A disgraceful decision! 
SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE! 
Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General, 
..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a "failure." Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again! 
...long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero.. 
Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so.... 
Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave "service" in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS! 
Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him? 
Congratulations to our new Attorney General, 
'Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media'
https://t.co/6LmsR5JOSW 
'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban' 
Poll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries...https://t.co/KWsIWhtC9o 
'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far' 
Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D! 
'16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won' 
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible! 
I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision....... 
If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics! 
It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats! 
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no problem! 
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1in terror, no problem! 
The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast! 
The failing was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse! 
An extended interview from the Super Bowl with airs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
The failing writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories &amp; sources! 
Will be interviewed on tonight at 8:00 P.M. 
I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies! 
Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting. 
What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow! 
Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I will be interviewed by at 4:00 P.M. (prior to the #SuperBowl Pre-game Show) on Fox Network. Enjoy! 
I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult! 
Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad! 
The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy! 
Interview with on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy! 
Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision? 
Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision 
What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.? 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWS is still lost! 
The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned! 
Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death &amp; destruction! 
When a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in &amp; out, especially for reasons of safety &amp;.security - big trouble! 
Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us! 
We must keep "evil" out of our country! 
A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S. 
Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW! 
Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice! 
Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how "kind" President Obama was to them. Not me! 
Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard! 
Thank you, We would love to have you! 
Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion 
Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them! 
Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you! 
Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star! 
If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS? 
Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal! 
Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago! 
Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country! 
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all. 
Join me live from the 
Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION! 8:00 P.M. 
When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work! 
Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party! 
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G. 
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country? 
I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.) 
If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "dudes" out there! 
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world! 
protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! 
Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,..... 
I will be interviewed by on tonight at 11pm. Enjoy! 
Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting: 
...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III. 
The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain &amp; Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two... 
Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue! 
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess! 
Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity! 
I will be interviewed by on tonight at 11pm. Enjoy! 
Today, we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger, 31 years later. #NeverForget 
...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST 
Thr coverage about me in the and the gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its..... 
The failing has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS! 
I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you! 
Congratulations Secretary Mattis! 
Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day: 
.@VP Mike Pence will be speaking at today's #MarchForLife -- You have our full support! 
The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support! 
Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the very weak border must change, NOW! 
Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We must do better! 
Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong! 
Will be interviewed by on at 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy! 
of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting. 
The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers... 
Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible! 
Interview with David Muir of News in 10 minutes. Enjoy! 
As your President, I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people. 
Beginning today, the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today 
I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you! 
even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures! 
I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and.... 
Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall! 
If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds! 
Congratulations to for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS - public is smart! 
Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the today. 
Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the this morning. Together, we will #MAGA! 
A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas! 
Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here! 
Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America. 
Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views. 
Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago! 
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly. 
Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN! 
A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech! 
So to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain...https://t.co/cZKkrGXLSi 
It is time to remember that...https://t.co/ZKyOiOor62 
We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams! 
January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again. 
What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people. 
power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the American People. #InaugurationDay 
It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS! 
Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. #Inauguration 
Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family!
#Inauguration2017 
Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy! 
On my way! #Inauguration2017 
the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for.. 
"It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time!" Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham. 
Great seeing and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner! #GodBlessTheUSA 
Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter! 
.@TheAlabamaBand was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama! 
No wonder the Today Show on biased is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility! 
"Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, the latest in a string..." 
to the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me! 
Totally biased went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed &amp; others that jobs are coming back... 
Will be interviewed by on - Enjoy! 
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.! 
"How Trump Won--And How The Media Missed It" 
"thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president." Sound familiar! WP 
John Lewis said about my inauguration, "It will be the first one that I've missed." WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he... 
country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing "big stuff." 
With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our..... 
The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before. 
People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday! 
At 9:00 P.M. of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka. Considering it is CNN, can't imagine it will be great! 
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was! 
much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News? 
.@FoxNews "Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand." Oh really, couldn't do... 
.@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television! 
about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, &amp; when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE." Media should also apologize 
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, "That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)... 
For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!! 
will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN! 
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number.. 
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun! 
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get! 
INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS "A COMPLETE FRAUD!" 
mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad! 
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to...... 
A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support. 
The "Unaffordable" Care Act will soon be history! 
have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm! 
What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never..... 
released by "Intelligence" even knowing there is no proof, and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days! 
Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably... 
It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued.... 
All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine! 
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House! 
.@CNN is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone! 
Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. 
James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts.Too bad! 
We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on 
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany? 
I win an election easily, a great "movement" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state! 
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING! 
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair! 
'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims' #FakeNews 
https://t.co/d6daCFZHNh 
FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT! 
'Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr. High'
https://t.co/MhbABREhzt 
'Small business optimism soars after Trump election' 
'U.S. Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980'
https://t.co/X22x1BttdG 
An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan. 
Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C! 
It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after... 
"groveling" when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media! 
Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never "mocked" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him....... 
Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a..... 
Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer! 
Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake! 
Before I, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out to So serious! 
Kellyanne Conway went to this morning for an interview with Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible! 
I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U.S. ally, is very special! 
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; star 
both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD! 
have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and.... 
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We..... 
Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed! 
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched! 
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense! 
Happy Birthday 
Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe! 
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it. 
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast &amp; Steven Newhouse, a friend. Will go this AM. 
being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares, he supported Kasich &amp; Hillary 
Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT. So much for.... 
Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW! 
and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE 
Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the...... 
The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed), will be paid back by Mexico later! 
So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on? 
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia...... 
How did NBC get "an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented?" Who gave them this report and why? Politics! 
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax. 
to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against "Intelligence" when in fact I am a big fan! 
The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people.... 
...time for Republicans &amp; Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive &amp; FAR BETTER! 
...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning."Keep you doctor, keep your plan!" It is.... 
The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they.. 
Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the "Movement" 
massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful! 
like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web... 
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases...... 
things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass. 
Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have "hacking defense" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible...... 
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow 
Julian Assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info! 
The "Intelligence" briefing on so-called "Russian hacking" was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange! 
I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you. 
"Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America" 
There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield. 
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for INNOVATION &amp; JOB CREATION.
https://t.co/siXrptsOrt 
........may be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #DTS 
With all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it 
The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said "The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable!" - And, it is lousy healthcare. 
People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it "CRAZY" 
General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax! 
China has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp; wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice! 
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen! 
I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I. 
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and..... 
just released a book called "Unprecedented" which explores the 2016 race &amp; victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me! 
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help! 
Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Happy Birthday 
Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love! 
Russians are playing and for such fools - funny to watch, they don't have a clue! totally gets it! 
Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart! 
My Administration will follow two simple rules: 
'Economists say Trump delivered hope' 
not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching! 
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but....... 
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT! 
The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald! 
President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states, and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The DJT Foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities! 
I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media won't report! 
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars! 
The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad! 
President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc. 
Merry Christmas and a very, very, very , very Happy New Year to everyone! 
#MerryChristmas 
.@FoxNews - "Objectified" tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
Happy #Hanukkah 
The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we will get it done anyway! 
.@NBCNews purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: "until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes." Dishonest! 
Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: "In my opinion, it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity." So true! 
slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S., and all countries, fight back? 
The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime, "by God's will we will slaughter you pigs, I swear, we will...... 
As to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th. 
my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop. Wrong answer! 
My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with... 
The so-called "A" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE! 
Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet! 
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes 
Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase "DRAIN THE SWAMP" was no longer being used by me. Actually, we will always be trying to DTS. 
The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont: 
I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people! 
I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss! 
I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently 
Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult &amp; sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states! 
Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY! 
especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states 
Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He "doesn't know much" ... 
We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media). 
Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking! 
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned &amp; called terrible names! 
We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it! 
China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act. 
Mobile, Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - "THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH" Biggest of all crowds expected, see you there! 
Last night in Orlando, Florida, was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally! 
Well, we all did it, together! I hope the "MOVEMENT" fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record! 
Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate? 
Thank you Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch here: 
Join me in Mobile, Alabama on Sat. at 3pm! #ThankYouTour2016 
Tickets: 
If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost? 
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't! 
Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me "Person of the Year" - a great honor! 
Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of Magazine. Way down, big trouble, dead! Graydon Carter, no talent, will be out! 
.@BillGates and in my Trump Tower office yesterday- two great guys! 
The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments. 
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes! 
I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State. 
I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times! 
Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office. 
Even though I am not mandated by law to do so, I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the...... 
I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning. 
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam! 
The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th. 
Unless you catch "hackers" in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election? 
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory! 
Just watched - So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just can't get much worse, although is right up there! 
Will be interviewed on at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
Whether I choose him or not for "State"- Rex Tillerson, the Chairman &amp; CEO of ExxonMobil, is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned! 
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON! 
Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army! 
I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY! 
October 2015 - thanks Chris Wallace 
A very interesting read. Unfortunately, so much is true.
https://t.co/ER2BoM765M 
Reports by that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency, even part time, are ridiculous &amp; untrue - FAKE NEWS! 
As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it, should be fun! 
I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B &amp; have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME! 
.@RudyGiuliani, one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C., just took himself out of consideration for "State". 
Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow, we need you to go to the polls &amp; send John Kennedy to the U.S. Senate. 
THANK YOU IOWA!
#ThankYouTour2016 
Join me tomorrow! #MAGA 
10am- Baton Rouge, LA. 
Tickets: Grand Rapids, MI.
Tickets: 
On my way to Des Moines, Iowa- will see you soon with Join us! Tickets: #ThankYouTour2016 
Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed. 
If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues 
Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country! 
We pause today to remember the 2,403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago...
https://t.co/r5eRLR24Q3 
I will be interviewed on the at 7:30. Enjoy! 
A great night in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Thank you! #ICYMI watch here: 
Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election! 
Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs.... 
Join me tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina at 7pm! 
#ThankYouTour2016 
Tickets: 
Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order! 
If the press would cover me accurately &amp; honorably, I would have far less reason to "tweet." Sadly, I don't know if that will ever happen! 
their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea? I don't think so! 
Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into.. 
.@FoxNews will be re-running "Objectified: Donald Trump," the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ, at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money! 
expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS 
these companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very ... 
wanting to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but..... 
without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies ...... 
fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S. ...... 
The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country, 
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad 
Our great VPE, is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington. 
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday. 
Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more! 
Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call. 
The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you! 
Heading to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati, Ohio for a 7pm rally. 
Join me! Tickets: 
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C. 
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe! 
Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners! 
'Donald Trump is already helping the working class' 
Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task! 
do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President, to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses.. 
great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to .... 
I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ... 
ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country. 
Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier 
I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers! 
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation'
https://t.co/5FMGdhAZxB 
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma.'
https://t.co/ZTh5cuY26Z 
My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe! 
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail! 
I thought that would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however, since election, they are worse! 
The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306! 
.@CNN is so embarrassed by their total (100%) support of Hillary Clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they don't know what to do. 
Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed! 
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal. 
Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem! 
states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)! 
It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4-- 
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally 
Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead." So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad 
this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy." She then said, "We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald -- 
of position." Then, separately she stated, "He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of -- 
during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind -- 
and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a - 
Hillary's debate answer on delay: "That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free -- 
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change 
The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore! 
The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated &amp; demoralized Dems 
Fidel Castro is dead! 
I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon! 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered! 
I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people! 
The meeting with the is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it! 
'Jeff Sessions, a Fitting Selection for Attorney General'
https://t.co/LjKTkAZSFy 
'President-elect Donald J. Trump's CIA Director Garners Praise'
https://t.co/UFdLWtwBEQ 
Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years. 
The failing just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce? 
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone! 
I cancelled today's meeting with the failing when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice 
Many people would like to see represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job! 
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal! 
.@transition2017 update and policy plans for the first 100 days. 
I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news! 
General James "Mad Dog" Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General! 
I watched parts of Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us? 
Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior 
The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize! 
Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen! 
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad! 
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country. 
Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me! 
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico 
My transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGA 
Australia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them. is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me. 
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan, 
The failing story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders. 
I am not trying to get "top level security clearance" for my children. This was a typically false news story. 
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are! 
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different! 
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily 
The debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win! 
I will be interviewed on tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
The states today that DJT believes "more countries should acquire nuclear weapons." How dishonest are they. I never said this! 
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible! 
Jeb Bush, George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice! 
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice! 
The sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it? 
Wow, the is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the "Trump phenomena" 
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win! 
Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. #ThankAVet 
Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government! 
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud! 
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair! 
A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot! 
Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!! 
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before 
Still time to #VoteTrump! 
#iVoted #ElectionNight 
Don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA! 
Just out according to "Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country" 
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting! 
#ElectionDay 
We need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Let's continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location: 
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon. 
Today in Florida, I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont: 
Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here: 
LIVE on #Periscope: Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow. LETS #MAGA!! 
Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary &amp; Koster supports Obamacare &amp; amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL 
'America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective, a corrupt system or an outsider'
https://t.co/ll8QIW9SqW 
'What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him'
https://t.co/6rVuDUehZq 
'Why Trump' 
On my way! 
Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI: 
Thank you Minnesota! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA! 
#ICYMI- watch: 
Thank you Iowa - Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16! 
https://t.co/HfihPERFgZ 
Join me live in Reno, Nevada!
https://t.co/T4bf1hrxaA 
#DrainTheSwamp!
https://t.co/z68vGp9Bvf 
Watch Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on #WattersWorld with 
Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa, Florida! #ICYMI- watch here: 
Join me in Denver, Colorado tonight at 9:30pm: Scranton, Pennsylvania Monday 5:30pm: 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Join me in Denver, Colorado tomorrow at 9:30pm!
Tickets: 
Join me live in Hershey, Pennsylvania! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
LIVE: 
Join me live in Wilmington, Ohio!
https://t.co/nQ2p4EulLu 
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off! 
"The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice" #DrainTheSwamp
https://t.co/LZkvFc071z 
Join me today in Wilmington, Ohio at 4pm: Tampa, Florida at 10am: 
Join me in Wilmington, Ohio tomorrow at 4:00pm! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Tickets: 
#CrookedHillary is unfit to serve. 
Looking at Air Force One MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp; fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people! 
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE! 
My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina. 
Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
#ImWithYou #DrainTheSwamp 
https://t.co/tSI0YP2LL9 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #6Days 
After decades of lies and scandal, Crooked Hillary's corruption is closing in. #DrainTheSwamp! 
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election: 
https://t.co/ZZjbGDZP7e 
"It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do." 
#DrainTheSwamp! 
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all. 
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system! 
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple! 
You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to 'dump' emails. 
Time to #DrainTheSwamp!
https://t.co/P3ajiACiXK 
'Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged' 
Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats: 
Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare: 
'Kept me out of jail': Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman: 
.@DarrellIssa is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California. 
So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news! 
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED! 
Wow, now leading in /@washingtonpost Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up! 
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement! 
Wow! I hear you Warren, Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Watch: 
#ObamacareFail #HillarycareFail 
Thank you Grand Rapids, Michigan! #ICYMI- watch: 
$25 Million+ raised online in just one week! RECORD WEEK. #DrainTheSwamp Today we set a bigger record. Contribute &gt;https://t.co/CZ1QmzCxwO 
'Hillary's Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation' #DrainTheSwamp
https://t.co/6qOO7FZSvF 
Join me tomorrow in Michigan!

Grand Rapids at 12pm:
https://t.co/xFPRNF7pnF

Warren at 3pm:
https://t.co/DREwbH7ZVd 
Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media! 
Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed! 
We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states! 
So nice - great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you! 
Departing Golden, CO. for Arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. Watch here: 
#ObamacareFail 
Tomorrow!

Las Vegas, NV- 11a: CO- 4p: NM- 7p: 
I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday! 
Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or Arizona at 3pm!

TICKETS:
Golden: 
Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon! 
We must not let #CrookedHillary take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office. #DrainTheSwamp 
Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare! 
If my people said the things about me that Podesta &amp; Hillary's people said about her, I would fire them out of self respect. "Bad instincts" 
Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids, Iowa at 7pm: Arizona tomorrow night at 3pm: 
Join on Facebook &amp; watch tonight's rally from Geneva, Ohio- our 3rd rally of the day. #AmericaFirst #MAGA 
I will be interviewed on tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio. Time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!
https://t.co/NU39Mmlh1T 
Join me in Cedar Rapids, Iowa tomorrow at 7:00pm! #MAGA
https://t.co/QWaEJpzvKN 
Thank you Springfield, Ohio. Get out and #VoteTrumpPence16!
#ICYMI - watch here: 
Join me live in Springfield, Ohio!
https://t.co/LREA7WRmOx 
JOIN ME! #MAGA
TODAY:
Springfield, OH 
Toledo, OH 
Geneva, OH 
FRIDAY:
Manchester, NH 
Lisbon, ME 
Cedar Rapids, IA
https://t.co/kv624y9UOm 
I agree, To all Americans, I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp w/ me on 11/8. 
'WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing: There's No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clinton's Dishonesty and Scandals'
https://t.co/MfRy3Nvd4F 
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on? 
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE! 
Thank you Tallahassee, Florida! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT! Get out &amp; VOTE!
#ICYMI- watch here: 
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!! 
#ObamaCareInThreeWords 
Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon -- and we will win!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
'Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008.' Time to #DrainTheSwamp
https://t.co/AkczH8l0FJ 
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't!
#ObamacareFailed 
Obamacare is a disaster - as I've been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal &amp; replace! 
#ObamacareFail 
#ObamacareFail 
Obamacare is a disaster! Time to repeal &amp; replace! #ObamacareFail 
https://t.co/xDPhVczf1g 
#ObamacareFail 
#ObamacareFail 
Get out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again! 
Key Obamacare premiums to jump 25% next year:
https://t.co/TCdHEdPQDG 
#Obamacare premiums are about to SKYROCKET --- again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal &amp; replace! 
As election looms, some bad news for Clinton, Democrats:
https://t.co/7aWWVQPjTo 
Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done! 
My contract with the American voter will restore honesty, accountability &amp; CHANGE to Washington! #DrainTheSwamp 
Peter Navarro: 'Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear' #DrainTheSwamp 
https://t.co/mQRkfMG80j 
'Democratic operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered 'Donald Duck' troll campaign that broke the law'
https://t.co/sTreHAfYUH 
Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee, Florida!

Sanford at 3pm:
https://t.co/PZENw9Kheg

Tallahassee at 6pm:
https://t.co/WKI69e1bqD 
'Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience' 
Get out to VOTE on 11/8/2016- and we will #DrainTheSwamp!
RASMUSSEN NATIONAL 
Trump 43%
Clinton 41% 
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you- get out and vote! #DrainTheSwamp on November 8th! 
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win! 
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN! 
Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS! 
'Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women, Gays' #CrookedHillary
https://t.co/eHsuBdi8XM 
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN! 
#CrookedHillary #PayToPlay 
Join me in Naples, Florida this evening at 6:00pm! Tickets: 
Remember - get out on November 8th &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp -- this is our last chance! 
Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal! 
EDITORIAL: 'Donald Trump for president' via 
Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president! 
"If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House" A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton 
WikiLeaks: 'Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick'
https://t.co/e1NVdpSfNr 
'Trump lays out policies for first 100 days in White House'
https://t.co/OrwOIFJuSz 
'Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems'
https://t.co/i4zN2QzKnf 
Just arrived in Cleveland, Ohio- join Governor and I now, LIVE via: 
Hillary Clinton: 'Architect of failure'
#DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary
https://t.co/b5HqsGrc7N 
In order to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; create a new GOVERNMENT of, by, &amp; for the PEOPLE, I need your VOTE! Go to LET'S #MAGA! 
Change has to come from outside our very broken system. #MAGA 
Thank you Gettysburg, Pennsylvania! #DrainTheSwamp 
Will be in Cleveland, Ohio w/ tonight- join us: Florida-tomorrow 6pm: 
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens! 
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg! 
Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are' 
"{Crooked Hillary Clinton} created this mess, and she knows it." 
#DrainTheSwamp 
'Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog'
Time to #DrainTheSwamp! 
https://t.co/0VDdGdpCTg 
The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times. 
Huma calls it a "MESS," the rest of us call it CORRUPT! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act - again.
#DrainTheSwamp 
Hillary &amp; Obama's Broken Promises. 
#RepealObamacare 
When Obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13,375. Today they are $18,142. Thanks, Obama. 
Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED. We'll create 25M jobs when I'm president, and I will DELIVER! 
'Trump won the third debate'
https://t.co/Wh52fyLNRz 
UPCOMING RALLIES - JOIN ME!

TOMORROW
Fletcher, NC 12pm. 
https://t.co/uASvA4Gd4r

SATURDAY
Cleveland, OH 7pm. 
https://t.co/hre7Foxqpo 
#ICYMI - OHIO RALLY!
Watch here: 
On behalf of the entire family, we would truly be honored to have your vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #EarlyVote 
Want access to Crooked Hillary? Don't forget - it's going to cost you!
#DrainTheSwamp #PayToPlay 
Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary. 
Thank you America! #MAGA

Rasmussen National Poll
Donald Trump 43%
Hillary Clinton 40% 
Totally dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal! 
Watch: 
The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll:
TRUMP 77% (18,290)
CLINTON 17% (4,100)
#DrainTheSwamp #Debate 
Join the MOVEMENT to #MAGA!
https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW 
That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Join my team over on my Facebook page- live now! #Debates
https://t.co/vpDVQfO58A 
HILLARY'S HEALTH CARE POLICIES
#DrainTheSwamp #Debate 
We have to repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare! Look at what is doing to people! #DrainTheSwamp 
The economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies.
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
Together we can save American JOBS, American LIVES, and AMERICAN FUTURES! #Debates 
USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate 
I WILL DEFEAT ISIS. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG! What has our leadership been doing?
#DrainTheSwamp 
After Crooked allowed ISIS to rise, she now claims she'll defeat them? LAUGHABLE! Here's my plan: 
"Her instincts are suboptimal."
https://t.co/PRCHvRtPVA 
I opposed going into Iraq. Hillary voted for it. As with everything else she's supported, it was a DISASTER. 
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate 
Hillary says "take back Mosul?" We would have NEVER lost Mosul- if it wasn't for #CrookedHillary. #DrainTheSwamp 
You should give the money back #DrainTheSwamp 
LIVE FACT-CHECK: Trump's RIGHT. The Clinton Foundation has taken MILLIONS from the Middle East. #DrainTheSwamp 
Crooked foundation is a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. Time to #DrainTheSwamp! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate 
.@HillaryClinton loves to lie. America has had enough of the CLINTON'S! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Debates 
She'll say anything and change NOTHING! #MAGA #BigLeagueTruth 
Crooked's camp incited violence at my rallies. These incidents weren't "spontaneous" - like she claimed in Benghazi! 
#CrookedHillary is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate 
Brought to you by &amp; her campaign- in Chicago, Illinois. 
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
.@HillaryClinton has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been? #BigLeagueTruth 
THE CHOICE IS CLEAR!
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
#CrookedHillary's plan will add $1.15 TRILLION in new taxes. We cannot afford her! #DrainTheSwamp #Debate 
This is what we can expect from #CrookedHillary. More Taxes. More Spending. #BigLeageTruth #DrainTheSwamp #Debates 
#BigLeagueTruth 
.@HillaryClinton's tax hikes will CRUSH our economy. I will cut taxes -- BIG LEAGUE. 
.@HillaryClinton talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York. #BigLeagueTruth
#Debates 
Moderator: Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth 
.@HillaryClinton- you have failed, failed, and failed. #BigLeagueTruth
Time to #DrainTheSwamp! 
Hey - WE AGREE!
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
TRUMP &amp; CLINTON ON IMMIGRATION
#Debate #BigLeagueTruth 
Hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions, no ideas, no credibility.She supported NAFTA, worst deal in US history. #Debate 
Plain &amp; Simple: We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people. 
One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. #Debate #MAGA 
#SecondAmendment #2A
#Debates 
.@realDonaldTrump is PRO-LIFE, PRO-FAMILY #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 
.@HillaryClinton lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth 
.@realDonaldTrump will PROTECT and DEFEND the Constitution #Debate #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth 
Hillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme Court in history #debate #DrainTheSwamp 
Ready to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again. #Debate #MAGA 
This is an incredible MOVEMENT- WE are going to take our country BACK! #November8th #BigLeagueTruth #Debate 
I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debate
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
UNBELIEVABLE!
Clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times: 
'Over 250,000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to #Obamacare'
https://t.co/18McSKO2AY 
Join my team tonight at 8:30pmE!
https://t.co/ZqJmf4yB87 
I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES! #DrainTheSwamp 
'Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician'
https://t.co/VvO4lTKsaj 
Join me in Delaware, Ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm! #DrainTheSwamp 
Tickets: 
'Top Hillary Adviser Mocked, Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader' #DrainTheSwamp 
https://t.co/ER5FtjZgjw 
'Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times' #DrainTheSwamp 
https://t.co/MO4SJaQMzo 
'State works hard, and illegally, for Clinton' #DrainTheSwamp 
'Scandals surround Clinton's gatekeeper at State'
#DrainTheSwamp 
The State Department's 'shadow government' #DrainTheSwamp 
https://t.co/UtbqlGrYJh 
More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton: 
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp!
https://t.co/U2XeM2vDJK 
#DrainTheSwamp 
https://t.co/wqqPjxfBoJ 
Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States. #DrainTheSwamp 
'Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server' #DrainTheSwamp 
https://t.co/5j8WuKLL5o 
'Trump rally disrupter was once on Clinton's payroll'
https://t.co/75oLLuD4SI 
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington, D.C! Vote Nov. 8th to take down the #RIGGED system! 
Nevada: A quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote! 
If we let Crooked run the govt, history will remember 2017 as the year America lost its independence. #DrainTheSwamp 
Pay-to-play. Collusion. Cover-ups. And now bribery? So CROOKED. I will #DrainTheSwamp. 
I will Make Our Government Honest Again -- believe me. But first, I'm going to have to #DrainTheSwamp in DC. 
Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C.
https://t.co/lKzas1SqUA 
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide: 
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election: 
My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy! 
I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates! 
Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team: 
Join me in Colorado Springs, Colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! #MAGA 
Tickets: 
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught 
"Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cash"
https://t.co/qZPPX0LO4X 
"State Department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in Clinton email scandal" 
Wow, new polls just came out from Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44. 
CORRUPTION CONFIRMED: FBI confirms State Dept. offered 'quid pro quo' to cover up classified emails
https://t.co/A3mCNBLCsO 
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions? 
Unbelievable. 
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED! 
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!). 
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive! 
Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact! 
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all! 
Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning 
Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows "quid pro quo" in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - &amp; Paul Ryan does zilch! 
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43! 
Paul Ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc. 
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee! 
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD 
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama! 
Hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security? 
A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill $1 million for his birthday? SO CORRUPT! 
They let Crooked &amp; the Gang off the hook for the crime, but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable! 
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news! 
Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election! 
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election! 
Thank you for sharing Amy. 
A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! #MAGA 
The failing reporters don't even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way! 
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me! 
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country. 
The truth is a beautiful weapon. 
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election 
Will be in Bangor, Maine today at 3pm- join me! #MAGA
Tickets: 
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary! 
100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX! 
Thank you 
Thank you for your support Greensboro, North Carolina. Next stop - Charlotte! #MAGA
https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW 
Join me live in Cincinnati, Ohio!
#TrumpRally #MAGA
https://t.co/MzqgNNVfZb 
Join me in Greensboro, North Carolina tomorrow at 2:00pm! #TrumpRally
https://t.co/vpLryxCyoq 
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster! 
Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you!
OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLL
Trump 42% 
Clinton 41% 
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon. 
I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in! 
Thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst 
The phony story in the failing is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH! 
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the "incident" in her story. Because it did not happen! 
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored. 
PAY TO PLAY POLITICS. 
#CrookedHillary 
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them? 
Join me Thursday in Florida &amp; Ohio!
West Palm Beach, FL at noon:
https://t.co/jwbZnQhxg9
Cincinnati, OH this 7:30pm:
https://t.co/5w2UhalPIx 
Wow, Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary &amp; CNN FRAUD! 
DON'T LET HER FOOL US AGAIN. 
Crooked's State Dept gave special attention to "Friends of Bill" after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable! 
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run. 
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida! 
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks! 
13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY: FL, OH, PA, MI, GA, TX, NM, IN, LA, TN, AR, KY, SC.

Register: 
Wow. Unbelievable. 
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans! 
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to. 
Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty. 
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support! 
Is this really America? Terrible! 
Wow, got caught fixing their "focus group" in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest! 
Debate polls look great - thank you!
#MAGA #AmericaFirst 
CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased. 
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee 
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting! 
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/2llBltf0mE 
Hypocrite: is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history, by far. #debate #bigleaguetruth 
Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #BigLeagueTruth #debate 
This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! #Debate 
We agree (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING &amp; CHANGE NOTHING. IT'S TIME TO TURN THE PAGE" -President Obama 
In my administration, EVERY American will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally #Debate #BigLeagueTruth 
We cannot let this evil continue! #Debates2016 
The world is most peaceful, and most prosperous when America is strongest. 
Here are Hillary Clinton's "accomplishments" at the State Department.
#Debates2016 #RattledHillary 
We're going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. She's raising your taxes and I'm lowering your taxes!
https://t.co/ZwIkqNH2FX 
"YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE POSITION"
@HillaryClinton #Debates2016 
.@HillaryClinton - ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING! #Debates2016 
.@HillaryClinton #ICYMI- "WE ARE NOT IN A NARRATIVE FIGHT."
@Mike_Pence #MAGA 
.@HillaryClinton is NOT above the law!
#Debates2016 
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system. #debate #MAGA 
Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell #ObamaCare. #Debates2016 
ATTN: - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates 
Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #CrookedHillary 
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies. 
Donald J. Trump's History Of Empowering Women #BigLeagueTruth
https://t.co/oY2YSPz7nB 
My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's #debate
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Join me on #FacebookLive as I conclude my final #debate preparations. 
The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued:
https://t.co/d2Upx5FitC 
LA Times- USC Dornsife Sunday Poll: Donald Trump Retains 2 Point Lead Over Hillary:
https://t.co/n05rul4Ycw 
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down! 
Tremendous support (except for some Republican "leadership"). Thank you. 
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal! 
The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly - I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA 
Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours! 
Here is my statement. 
New National Rasmussen Poll: 
Thank you Tennessee! #MAGA 
VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/16! 
'Donald Trump: A President for All Americans' 
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/ZzFHlsWnh4 
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful. 
Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me!
Ambridge: 
Nation's Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers (ICE) Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement:
https://t.co/eO1UY5N9J1 
Such a great honor! 
https://t.co/vt4AmLdkeP 
Reuters polling just out- thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
'Small business says Trump is their pick for president'
https://t.co/tzVN9QgPFS 
Thank you for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday! 
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'. Thanks Bill for telling the truth. 
Beautiful morning- thank you 
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big! 
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike! 
CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA:
https://t.co/8pRednmnFX #VPDebate 
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists:
https://t.co/lM80JriF9k #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate 
.@timkaine is wrong for defense: 
https://t.co/QN9qqoq1kH 
#BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate 
ICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED. 
.@timkaine is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth 
.@mike_pence and I will defeat #ISIS.
https://t.co/oCIIDwtptV #VPDebate 
I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #VPDebate 

"Police officers are the best of us..."
@Mike_Pence 
.@HillaryClinton Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans.
https://t.co/gEfURjRCfu 
#VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth 
.@mike_pence is doing a great job - so far, no contest! 
.@megynkelly- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time. 
Both are looking good! Now we begin! 
Here we go - Enjoy! 
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Wow, is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. I'm turning to where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great 
Wow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE! 
Join the MOVEMENT!
https://t.co/3KWOl20zMm 
I will be watching the great Governor and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy! 
Join me in Reno, Nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Tickets: 
Thank you Colorado! #MAGA
https://t.co/3KWOl20zMm
https://t.co/M7QhdCgRzw 
Thank you Pueblo, Colorado! 
#TrumpRally #AmericaFirst
https://t.co/3KWOl20zMm 
Join me in Henderson, Nevada on Wednesday at 11:30am! #MAGA 
Tickets: 
Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder! 
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world. 
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters. 
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ! 
I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failing@nytimes 
Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Wow, just saw the really bad ratings. People don't want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary. 
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio &amp; sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it? 
I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided "spin" that followed. This despite the really bad microphone. 
Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians, HRC is not with you. 
Thank you for your support - on my way now! See you soon. #TrumpTrain 
Join me in Pueblo, Colorado on Monday afternoon at 3pm! #TrumpRally
https://t.co/3P3QZxzSPJ 
For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call! 
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas &amp; Arizona papers &amp; now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it! 
Remember, don't believe "sources said" by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist. 
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate? 
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con. 
Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an "angel" without checking her past, which is terrible! 
Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying "sources said," DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies! 
Wow, did you see how badly (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like who could expect any more? 
Join me in Manheim, Pennsylvania on Saturday at 7pm! #TrumpRally
Tickets: 
My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders. 
Will be in Novi, Michigan this Friday at 5:00pm. Join the MOVEMENT! Tickets available at: 
Thank you Waukesha, Wisconsin! 
Full transcript of my speech, #FollowTheMoney:
https://t.co/Xb1yyDSNNf 
Joining from Waukesha, Wisconsin - now, live! Enjoy! 
Join me live in Waukesha, Wisconsin for an 8pmE rally! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
https://t.co/G8kGLSFy6S 
Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres...https://t.co/xeGYL2IzUP 
Join me in Council Bluffs, Iowa- today at 3pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Tickets: 
Every on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so reporting! 
My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record: 
Once again, we will have a government of, by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today! 
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure: 
https://t.co/zhkEfUouHH 
'CNBC, Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate' via #MAGA
https://t.co/PGimqYKPoJ 
Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support! #ImWithYou 
Well, now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice! 
Thank you for your endorsement, #MAGA 
https://t.co/8BEeQPsuyd 
'U.S. Murders Increased 10.8% in 2015' via 
Thank you! #TrumpWon #MAGA 
https://t.co/a5rr1i38km 
Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change. 
'True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch' 
The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon - thank you! 
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched poll. 
'How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats'
https://t.co/WWO39kxn8Y 
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years? 
Great debate poll numbers - I will be on at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy! 
TIME #DebateNight poll - over 800,000 votes. Thank you! 
#AmericaFirst #MAGA 
.@newtgingrich just said "a historic victory for Trump." NICE! 
Wow, did great in the debate polls (except for - which I don't watch). Thank you! 
Thank you Governor 
#AmericaFirst #Debates2016 
Thank you Senator #MAGA 
Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on #Benghazi. #Debates2016 #debatenight 
.@HillaryClinton - Obama #ISIS Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat #DebateNight 
Russia has more warheads than ever, N Korea is testing nukes, and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks, 
Hillary Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War. #Debates2016 #MAGA 
.@HillaryClinton's 2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obama's Heritage #DebateNight 
https://t.co/6EEOAaCiNv 
I will stand with police and protect ALL Americans! #Debates2016 #MAGA 
This is the simple fact about she is a typical politician - all talk, no action. #Debates2016 
HILLARY'S BAD TAX HABIT! 
A Clinton economy = more taxes and more spending! #DebateNight 
.@HillaryClinton has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her? #Debates2016 
.@HillaryClinton channels John Kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them. #TPP #Debates2016 
.@HillaryClinton and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years 
Why isn't Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead?
#DebateNight 
My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in!
#DebateNight #TrumpPence16 
Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer, the "King," has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed. 
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots! 
Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:
https://t.co/VHuyE65hgi 
Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M. 
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger! 
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot! 
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today!
Sign up: 
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him! 
The endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th. 
Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb! 
'How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy'
https://t.co/jU3HHglnIu 
Spoke with Governor of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances. 
This is more than a campaign- it is a movement. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
SIGN UP TODAY &amp; WE WILL WIN! 
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm! #MAGA
https://t.co/uKG55Pznwu 
Will be on now. 
I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on - Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
.@YoungDems4Trump Thank you! 
Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity &amp; leadership. 
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again. 
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate! 
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong! 
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning. 
Thank you Nevada! #AmericaFirst
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW 
Thank you Georgia! #AmericaFirst
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW 
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change. 
Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at 
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
I will be interviewed on the - tonight from Florida, now. Enjoy! 
Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont: 
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system? 
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country! 
Will be on at 7:02 A.M. Enjoy. 
Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong! 
Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!! 
I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC. 
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama. 
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good. 
My lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting 
The failing has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag! 
Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing pretends she knows me well--wrong! 
Wacky who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope! 
.@CNN just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life! 
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster! 
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not! 
My thoughts and prayers go out to the &amp; police officers- in Philadelphia. 
A very interesting take from 
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them. 
Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic! 
Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will #MAGA. Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget! 
I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes...https://t.co/S9bvbysiOr 
I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement. 
Thank you for a great evening - Laconia, New Hampshire -- will be back soon! #AmericaFirst
https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW 
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the WORLD'S great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation! 
Will be joining on at 11:35pmE tonight. Enjoy! 
I will be interviewed by on tonight at 8pm. Enjoy! 
Full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the Economic Club of New York. #MAGA 
Thank you 
Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America! #LESM #MAGA 
https://t.co/Mcbc2JzhN2 
Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon. #MAGA 
Will be on at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy! 
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better! 
I will be interviewed on tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy! 
Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon. #MAGA #AmericaFirst
https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW 
Great evening in Canton, Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: 
https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW 
Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy! 
Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm: 
Thank you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me:
https://t.co/rsx313493u 
Thank you #ImWithYou
Video: 
Great poll Florida - thank you! 
#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Ohio - see you tonight! 
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass? 
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton? 
Thank you Rep. 
Thank you Rep. 
Thank you 
CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Transcript: 
#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Clive, Iowa!
https://t.co/tuZ35BkD9J 
Join us today! Together, we will 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
https://t.co/v40n8RXgti 
Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tickets: 
Join me in Clive, Iowa tomorrow at noon! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Tickets: 
Just got back from Asheville, North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you! #MAGA 
Stopped by to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work! 
Will be on at Enjoy! 
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. 
#NeverForget
https://t.co/G5TMAUzy0z 
The seriously failing despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits! 
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans! 
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all! 
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER! 
Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls! 
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S! 
Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible. 
I havn't seen in many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope! 
Dummy writer who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted! 
Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: 
#AmericaFirst 
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on at 8:10pm from Pensacola, Florida. 
Thank you Ohio. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
https://t.co/3KWOl20zMm 
Great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
Henry McMaster, Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me, beat failed announcer Bakari Sellers, so badly. Funny! 
Jeff Zucker failed and he is now failing 
.@CNN is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. They
are a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign. 
The documentary of me that just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke! 
Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you! #ImWithYou #MAGA 
It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail. 
More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. 
#AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain 
Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC. #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted. 
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as #POTUS. 
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media! 
"A rough night for Hillary Clinton" ABC News. 
Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU! 
COMING UP on 
Thank you to for the nice reviews of last night. 
Thank you America - great #CommanderInChiefForum polls! 
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice! 
Thank you Peter - if elected, I will think big for our country &amp; never let the American people down! #AmericaFirst 
Wow - thank you Pensacola, FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join me!
https://t.co/JCO7Za78tV 
#AmericaFirst! 
'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters: poll' #AmericaFirst #MAGA
https://t.co/5FmxGtLkwt 
I will be interviewed on tonight at 11pmE Enjoy! 
Thank you North Carolina- get out &amp; #VoteTrump on 11/8/2016!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by &amp; 
Thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans. #ImWithYou 
Join me in Pensacola, Florida this Friday at 7pm! #VoteTrump 
https://t.co/L8Ui56dcrJ 
Thank you! #VoteTrump #ImWithYou 
Thank you! #AmericaFirst 
As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP. 
China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama "the son of a whore." Terrible! 
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special! 
Thank you Ohio! #AmericaFirst 
Heading to Youngstown, Ohio now- some great polls. #AmericaFirst 
Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting &amp; I for a roundtable with labor leaders. #LaborDay #MAGA 
#LaborDay #AmericaFirst
Video: 
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac! 
President Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals! 
Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the "C" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening? 
To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE "T" 
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails? 
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad! 
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as if it is going to stop illegal immigration. 
Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term! 
Wow, the failing has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source 
.@CNN is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals. 
Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd! 
I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday, 9/9/16 at 7pm. Join me! 
Thank you Great Faith Ministries International, Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, and Detroit!
https://t.co/4Ucx678ZCC 
#ImWithYou 
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
Great new poll Iowa - thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN! 
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to #MAGA! 
Just heard that crazy and very dumb had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings Joe a mess! 
I will be interviewed by tonight at 8pm on the Enjoy! 
I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO! #ImWithYou 
Thank you for having me this morning I enjoyed my time with everyone! #ALConvention2016 
Poll numbers way up - making big progress! 
Thank you to for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona! 
Mexico will pay for the wall! 
Under a Trump administration, it's called #AmericaFirst! #ImWithYou
https://t.co/QfHfCQg0Wa 
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst
https://t.co/G1MuLrjhW9 
There will be no amnesty!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
https://t.co/vVhzSdCblA 
Mexico will pay for the wall - 100%!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
https://t.co/pSFuPZz0xP 
Just arrived in Arizona! #ImWithYou
https://t.co/MT3wW61YS5 
Great trip to Mexico today - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting. 
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb." 
Thank you Washington! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow. 
Thank you North Carolina! #MAGA 
Thank you America! #MAGA
https://t.co/FljBVvbwKr 
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday! 
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington, Ohio at noon! #ImWithYou
Tickets: 
Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix, Arizona at 6pm! #ImWithYou
Tickets: 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as #Obamacare! 
#CrookedHillary 
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP! 
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT 
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere 
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on! 
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE! 
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue. 
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary? 
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity. 
Thank you Arizona! #VoteTrump 
Join me Tuesday in Everett, Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets: 
NATIONAL DEBT 
January 2009 = $10.6 TRILLION
August 2016 = $19.4 TRILLION 
It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage &amp; bravery. 
Thank you Iowa! #ImWithYou 
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator Look forward to being with all of my friends. 
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers. 
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP! 
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp; WALL! 
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today.
https://t.co/3KWOl20zMm #ImWithYou 
Join us via our new #AmericaFirst APP! #TrumpPence16 
Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYou 
Thank you Florida. Keep me updated, and lets get those 100,000 registered voters!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I will be interviewed by 
at 7pm on #Enjoy! 
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat: 
"Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery" #CrookedHillary 
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth "SUPER PREDATORS" - Has she apologized? 
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve 
Wonderful was attacked viciously and unfairly on by crazy on low ratings Apologize! 
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it! 
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American &amp; Hispanic communities 
The Clinton's are the real predators...
https://t.co/Fr0gFtZVVz 
"Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign." #FlashbackFriday 
CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. 
Full speech transcript: 
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass! 
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail, they are left w/this one tired argument!
https://t.co/FNbCMmwLTn 
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION! 
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself! 
Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering! 
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise 
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow! 
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail! 
Great Governor is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership. 
Will be on #Hannity 10pE discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will #BuildTheWall &amp; enforce our laws! 
Thank you for your support!
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
A great afternoon in Tampa, Florida. Thank you! #TrumpPence16 
New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW 
Great new poll Florida - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down! 
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain
https://t.co/EMuSftG6RP
https://t.co/FHPR44WixX 
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar. 
Thank you Travis County, Texas!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on at 10pmE from Austin, Texas. Enjoy! 
In Austin, Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down! 
Join me in Tampa, Florida- tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets: 
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late! 
Hillary Clinton strongly stated that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE! 
It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact, that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history! 
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime! 
The quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy, boring! 
.@AnnCoulter's new book, 'In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is! 
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas. 
Great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron, Ohio. 
Statement on Clinton Foundation:
https://t.co/2twuzrB9om 
Will be interviewed on at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY! 
Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, Two clowns! 
Tried watching low-rated this morning, unwatchable! is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess! 
I heard that was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV (&amp; someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant! 
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her! 
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening! 
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
https://t.co/pUtN4kFhDK 
Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 
Will be interviewed on at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm! 
Thank you will see you soon. #TrumpPence16 
https://t.co/epfSJckcKq 
.@Franklin_Graham so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts &amp; prayers. 
We are one nation. When one hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up.
#StandWithLouisiana 
#WheresHillary? Sleeping!!!!! 
Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 
Great job by on interview with on #ImWithYou #TrumpTrain 
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night. 
The reporting at the failing gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper. 
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in MI. 
We are one nation. When one state hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up. 
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/Y19nUKkYTc 
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
#CrookedHillary #ThrowbackThursday 
They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT! 
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on - 
Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by tonight at 10pmE on Enjoy! 
We are going to make this a government of the people once again!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
https://t.co/Fi7yEb2XQb 
We will repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare, which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster! 
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, &amp; lost opportunities. #ImWithYou
https://t.co/Eph6qy7zyB 
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain #ImWithYou
https://t.co/N9XNoGNcqc 
Thank you Governor &amp; Chairman Priebus. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
https://t.co/IdJBuaKMwK 
Join me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm! #ImWithYou 
Tickets: 
#LawandOrder #ImWithYou
Video: 
#LawandOrder #ImWithYou
Transcript: 
Will be on tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Just as we won the Cold War, in part, by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....
Cont: 
This is my pledge to the American people: 
'It's just a 2-point race, Clinton 38%, Trump 36%' 
Another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on #Obamacare plans.' Only the beginning! 
#AmericasMerkel 
"CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620,000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION." 
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
https://t.co/bgBGPaKaqI 
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad! 
"Stay on message" is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents! 
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so! 
It is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false! 
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose! 
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm. 
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20% 
The failing which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said 
The failing talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary! 
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres. 
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th! 
The failing has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest! 
Will be on tonight at 10pm, hosted by Enjoy! 
Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you! #MAGA 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts! 
I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't! 
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday! 
Ratings challenged reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) "the founder" of ISIS, &amp; MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM? 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
Will be doing tonight at 8pm. Enjoy! 
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing turns everyone off. The American people get it! 
Thank you Fort Lauderdale, Florida. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber. 
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by is a hoax. Totally dishonest. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Thank you Abingdon, Virginia! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/g7ivluiyF2 
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by "low ratings" 
Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! #MAGA
https://t.co/wnpVlq6oe4 
I will be interviewed on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! 
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas. #LESM 
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A - sad &amp; irrelevant! 
.@dbongino You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock 
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution! 
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails? 
Thank you Senator #TrumpPence16
https://t.co/YmdH3fcaeW 
Thank you #TrumpPence16
https://t.co/RMtU6aRZTQ 
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess! 
Will be interviewed on now! 
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home! 
'As Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.' 
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails. 
Thank you Newt! 
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo! 
Thank you Senator David Perdue!
https://t.co/d0dCUZ20jf 
Thank you 
Thank you together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Thank you! 
Thank you Alex! 
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy! 
Join me in Fayetteville, North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at: 
#ICYMI: "Will Media Apologize to Trump?" 
Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky! 
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, "the baby" and so much more. Very dishonest! 
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke! 
Thank you Windham, New Hampshire! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA 
.@Larry_Kudlow - 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate'
https://t.co/YbqkhWNm0g 
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win! 
#CrookedHillary is not fit to be our next president! #TrumpPence16 
https://t.co/I0zJO2sZKk 
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things! 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! 
Anybody whose mind "SHORT CIRCUITS" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word "BRAINWASHED." 
Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she "SHORT CIRCUITED" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous! 
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens! 
Good luck #TeamUSA
#OpeningCeremony #Rio2016 
Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! Governor and I will be back soon. #TrumpPence16 #MAGA 
DON'T LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN!
#TrumpPence16
https://t.co/1mGkPNZPKF 
Thank you Des Moines, Iowa! Governor and I appreciate your support! #MAGA #TrumpTrain 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! 
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! 
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.
https://t.co/3EzG620fpT 
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran! 
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding. I won't dodge questions as your President. 
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression! 
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie. 
See you tomorrow w/ Gov. Iowa &amp; Wisconsin! 
3pm- 
Thank you Portland, Maine! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/oVfF28rWL5 
Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you #CoastGuardDay 
Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors &amp; counting here in Maine, thank you! 
Looking forward to IA &amp; WI with Gov. Pence, tomorrow. Join us! #MAGA
https://t.co/3Hcnzj0Slx
https://t.co/sEwLWkn1Sz 
Thank you Jacksonville, Florida!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/xrTQjt9WOC 
Thank you for your support of my candidacy! #MAGA #ImWithYou 
https://t.co/Al5bZlRFYk 
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach, Florida! #LESM #MAGA 
THANK YOU Daytona Beach, Florida!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal! 
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H! 
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic! 
My daughter will be on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! 
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States! 
#CrookedHillary 
Join me in Florida tomorrow! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 

Daytona | 3pm- 
https://t.co/jbOS2s4qGI

Jacksonville | 7pm- 
https://t.co/XSF1kp7R54 
STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP: 
Thank you Virginia! #ImWithYou 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! 
The Washington Post calls out #CrookedHillary for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow! 
Great afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia! 
Just leaving Mechanicsburg, PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon. #MAGA 
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win! 
Thanks to for your kind words, very much appreciated. 
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville:

Daytona | 3pm- | 7pm- 
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam. 
Hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN. 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors. #ImWithYou #MAGA 
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon. #ImWithYou #MAGA 
Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something! 
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life. 
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary? 
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department? 
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs. 
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton. 
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at: 
#CrookedHillary 
https://t.co/oHI6xrDJU0 
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said! 
When I said in an interview that Putin is "not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down," I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea! 
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart! 
Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice! 
Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing is a joke. is laughable! 
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H? 
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me! 
Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it! 
We crushed the original goal! I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our end-of-month goal! 
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP 32.2 MILLION. CLINTON 27.8 MILLION. Thank you! 
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS. 
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! 
NATO commander agrees members should pay up via 
Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like! 
The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END! 
Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP 
#CrookedHillary = Obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below. 
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA? 
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better! 
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings 
#CrookedHillary 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster! 
Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities. 
I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! 
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds! 
While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also join in Nevada on Mon!

Carson City: 
Join me Monday in Columbus, Ohio &amp; Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA

3pm in OH: in PA: 
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the 'American Dream!' 
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not. 
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars, 
NAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes. 
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country. 
Thank you Denver, Colorado! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
As usual, Hillary &amp; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable! 
#CrookedHillary Job Application 
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts. 
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #LESM 
Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 in November! 
"Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal." 
Even Bill is tired of the lies, SAD! 
Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!

Colorado Springs: 
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton. 
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change! 
Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick! 
In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse. #TrumpPence16 
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal! 
Thank you! 

Facebook: 
Crooked Hillary said that I "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her! 
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town! #NeverHillary 
"Little" Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster! 
General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD #NeverHillary 
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications! 
Join at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets: 
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT: 
https://t.co/RNW3ED2ifR 
Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream! 
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. and the little watched = SAD! 
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes. 
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world. 
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety. 
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street! 
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words. 
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country. 
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! 
Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT! 
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal!

 
#CrookedHillary 
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! 
"Dems warn not to underestimate Trump's potential win"
https://t.co/X3xHtjhHpB 
Great to be back in Iowa! #TBT with joining me in Davenport- this past winter. #MAGA 
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton. 
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees. 
AMERICA'S FUTURE
https://t.co/xymiA0Az7x 
Bernie caved! 
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair. 
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers! 
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/ruEvMGx4C9 
#CrookedHillary 
Thank you Pennsylvania!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/bbv3EhGs5x 
As President, I will bring jobs back and get wages up for Americans who need it most. 
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #MAGA 
"Trump right: Illegal families crossing border set to double, 51,152 so far"
https://t.co/1noCe9W6Ru 
Great new poll - thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI! 
Join our next Vice President, in Wisconsin tonight &amp; Michigan Thursday!

MI: 
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic 
Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO! 
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough! 
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD! 
Funny how the failing is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said "Trump is a genius." America 1st! 
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv. 
Just like I have warned from the beginning, Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP. 
https://t.co/eoNTWK6I8y 
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep? 
I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention! 
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated! 
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. 
I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia. 
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy! 
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here. 
Bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed! 
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar! 
Thank you New Hampshire! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Join us in Toledo, Ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA
Tickets: 
Join us tomorrow in Scranton, Pennsylvania at 3pm!
#TrumpPence16 #MAGA 
Tickets: 
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch. 
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great 
Funny, if you listen to the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference 
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time. 
Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated! 
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs. 
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself. 
I was at and met Juan Williams in passing. He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air! 
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke! 
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers. 
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War. 
Thank you OHIO! #TrumpPence16
https://t.co/NOF9Td9BHs 
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia- be back soon! #TrumpPence16
https://t.co/rwxXhfFsn1 
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16
https://t.co/4O4yjh7X4O 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/EXsoUOsEP4 
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA 
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE! 
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn! 
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie. 
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same. 
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened! 
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie! 
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me 
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS &amp; all others laughing! 
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you! 
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out! 
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well! 
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out 
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild 
The panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump. is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN! 
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left! 
Today proves what I have always known, that Priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (@DWStweets.) 
Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD! 
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders "political revolution." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end! 
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates. 
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite! 
Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else! 
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT 
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#TrumpPence16 
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart! 
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud! 
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me! 
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs! 
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer! 
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA. 
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED 
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her! 
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing! 
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight? 
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam. 
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did? 
Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich. 
One of the best produced, including the incredible stage &amp; set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! 
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times! 
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic! 
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #RNCinCLE
https://t.co/KH2ZFHUHGP 
FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION! #TrumpPence16 
You can watch 360 video live from the podium! #RNCinCLE #TrumpIsWithYou #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
This is a MOVEMENT! #RNCinCLE 
Thank you Proud of you! #RNCinCLE #TrumpPence2016 
Great job #RNCinCLE
https://t.co/swsAKE11F0 
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena! 
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! 
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all! 
I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight! 
Great job Proud of you!
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Arena was packed, totally electric! 
.@mike_pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P. 
Our next Vice President of the United States of America, Gov. #GOPConvention
#AmericaFirst 
Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal! 
Great job Proud of you! 
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
https://t.co/EE7C6XKDkt 
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! 
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! 
Thank you #AmericaFirst 
#RNCinCLE 
#TextTrump88022 for exclusive updates! We will Make America Great Again! 
Thank you to Governor for such warm support. Great speech! 
Thank you #AmericaFirst 
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE 
https://t.co/PvdTA8HTCC 
Watching the #GOPConvention
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE 
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days! 
STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH
https://t.co/uzBOm21Pug 
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails. 
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press! 
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs! 
Bill Hemmer of was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years. 
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you! 
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST! 
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting! 
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain 
#TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE 
https://t.co/bsUp4MSysD 
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain
#TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE 
https://t.co/xlB2C1cpKp 
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! #GOPConvention 
Will be on tonight at 8:30pm prior to Melania's speech at the #GOPConvention. Tune in- she will do great! #RNCinCLE 
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain!
#GOPConvention #RNCinCLE 
https://t.co/QniZIsGrG8 
Networks other than low ratings have been very fair and exciting! 
.@CNN is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again! 
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful! 
Thank you Mahoning County, Ohio! See you soon! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
https://t.co/TNJMUKImpK 
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse! 
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough! 
I will be on tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA! 
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching 
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to...
https://t.co/pPNrzG8kEa 
The ratings at blow away the ratings of - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like 
.@FoxNews is much better, and far more truthful, than which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch. 
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H 
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud! 
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement! 
As the days and weeks go by, we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions! 
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again! 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over 
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB! 
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton! 
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton! 
Thank you! #TrumpPence16 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes! 
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money! 
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening! 
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done 
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start! 
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City. 
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M. 
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary! 
#NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way! 
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement. 
Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse. 
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA. 
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today! 
#ImWithYou 
Great new poll- thank you America!
#Trump2016 #ImWithYou 
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow. 
If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions! 
Even the and Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking? 
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge! 
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others. 
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity. 
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone #CrookedHillary falls flat in nationwide Having ZERO impact. Sad!! 
Lyin' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common. 
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know! 
The Republican platform is most 
pro-Israel of all time! 
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! 
#CrookedHillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida, Ohio, &amp; Pennsylvania. I haven't started yet! 
Thank you Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania! #CrookedHillary is not qualified. #ImWithYou 
Thank you! #ImWithYou 
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign! 
THANK YOU INDIANA! #Trump2016 
Thank you Iowa- see you soon!
#Trump2016 #ImWithYou 
https://t.co/gva0MbgnuO 
I will be interviewed by tonight on at 8pm. Enjoy! 
The American people agree. No free pass for #CrookedHillary! 
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first. 
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton. 
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs. 
#CrookedHillary is not qualified!
https://t.co/6qi7KTW43O 
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out! 
Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry! 
This election is a choice between law, order &amp; safety - or chaos, crime &amp; violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. #ImWithYou 
For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need. 
Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
https://t.co/lb5ViCDH0g 
Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued..https://t.co/qVwfjgCHU7 
Speech on Veterans' Reform:
https://t.co/XB7RMwesMK 
Great poll- Florida! Thank you! 
Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan. 
Join me in Westfield, Indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm! #Trump2016 
Tickets: 
I heard that the underachieving John King of on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network! 
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid! 
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe! 
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation! 
New poll - thank you! #Trump2016
https://t.co/Mi87Vmw06H 
Way to go - you are a true champion. Proud of you! 
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
https://t.co/m0AJWlV8nm 
Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on 
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami. 
Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers...https://t.co/mwzYU98yTt 
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country 
After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary. 
Thank you Speaker #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Rep. Collins! #Trump2016 
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country! 
Great being in Cincinnati, Ohio last night- thank you! Off to Washington D.C. now. #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the 'Star of David' also? 
Dishonest media! #Frozen 
To all of my twitter followers, please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary. 
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live. 
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes, 
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C. 
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City. 
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City 
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies. 
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come! 
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges, but...https://t.co/KO64IAMDgj 
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement. 
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team "were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information." Not fit! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT! 
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with "murder." Come November 8, she's out! 
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win 
I will be interviewed by tonight on at 11pm. Enjoy! 
My son, will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm on Enjoy! 
Looking forward to meeting with in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today. 
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! #RiggedSystem 
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment. 
It was great spending time with yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again! 
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace! 
On at 7:00 P.M. "Special: Meet the Trumps" Hope you enjoy! 
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays? 
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is "guilty as hell" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33,000 missing e-mails? 
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked! 
I look forward to meeting today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa! 
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people! 
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid! 
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star! 
Happy 4th of July! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change! 
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this! 
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed! 
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught! 
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting "go away, no pictures." 
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about "grandkids" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac? 
"THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!" 
On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt! 
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know. 
Just watched and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me.The good news-the people get it! 
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged! 
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid! 
Thank you #ImWithYou 
Thank you for your support!
#AmericaFirst #LeadRight2016 
Thank you! #AmericaFirst 
If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring! #AmericaFirst 
https://t.co/97R0cQdnGI 
Crooked Hillary -- Makes History! 
#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
The #2A to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep &amp; bear Arms shall not be infringed upon. 
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release 
Just read in the failing that I was not aware "the event had to be held in Cleveland" - a total lie. These people are sick! 
When you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd! 
Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado! #ImWithYou #WCS16 
https://t.co/lK3UW4fY2q 
Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here. #AmericaFirst 
https://t.co/XDGKaj0ico 
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father, shot at by a Palestinian terrorist, was killed while:
https://t.co/Cv1HzKVbiT 
Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough. 
.@TraceAdkins great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work! 
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence? 
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter. 
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary! 
#ThrowbackThursday #Trump2016
https://t.co/gFtspBViXe 
I will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy! 
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan! 
The very dishonest refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal! 
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out America. 
https://t.co/mO9QrmYXRD 
Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them! 
https://t.co/S80xxdeHfG 
New book by is absolutely terrific and a must read! #WakeUpAmerica 
The story with Hillary will never change. 
For reasons only they can explain, the wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better. 
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special! 
I will be on at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable! 
Will be in Bangor, Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center! 
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on - He was great! Thank you John. 
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters? 
The must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts 
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up! 
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States. 
Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Will
the world ever realize what is going on? So sad. 
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It just
never seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton. 
Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here: 
https://t.co/5mtwkOvQnd 
#CrookedHillary #Trump2016 
.@CNN is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore. 
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November 
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage. 
The "dirty" poll done by is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good. 
Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own: 
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time 
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls! 
People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS! 
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' Address: 
The poll sample is heavy on Democrats. Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good! 
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support son 
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call. 
George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls 
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget! 
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President! 
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land! 
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #AmericaFirst 
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place. 
Thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined us yesterday! 
On the 13th tee box with my grand daughter, Kai! 
Arriving with &amp; Back to New York tonight. 
Video: 
So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action! 
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou 
Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back! 
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today! 
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster 
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...https://t.co/dpIDejXzJw 
New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal &amp; illegal immigrants settled..https://t.co/hMFyZc1kAM 
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp; ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, &amp; as a people w/a shared history. 
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see. 
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave &amp; brilliant vote. 
Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membership
https://t.co/GwWRxT3BVp 
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games! 
Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids! 
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night! 
Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton. 
Read my full statement here on the Supreme Court's executive amnesty decision #imwithyou 
https://t.co/sb1Ag1Eb27 
CNN, which is totally biased in favor of Clinton, should apologize. They knew they were wrong. 
Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border. 
Obama &amp; Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, &amp; start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration. 
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic &amp; African-American workers. 
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families
#CrookedHillary 
https://t.co/YWd5lk5skG 
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama." -- Donald J. Trump 
"Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency." -- Donald J. Trump 
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been "disqualifying." 
#Imwithyou 
#Imwithyou 
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. #Imwithyou 
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy! 
I will be interviewed by tonight on 7pm ET 
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest. 
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty &amp; judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens. 
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays. 
I am "the king of debt."That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S. 
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe. 
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk? 
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as
Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs. 
Hillary says this election is about judgment. She's right. Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy. 
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton. 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess! 
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees 
.@DJohnsonPGA We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION! 
Yesterday's failing fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech, when in fact, it was packed! 
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest! 
Donald Trump's Speech Is a Game Changer. #Trump2016
https://t.co/VXjtSivvuU 
See you soon Arizona! #Trump2016 
I love you Arizona! Thank you!
#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada!
#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
https://t.co/vhGwmhGCVR 
In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak! 
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona today at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Houston, Texas! 
#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 
https://t.co/593p8uRPhq 
Thank you! #AmericaFirst 
The convention in Cleveland will be amazing! 
Thank you- on my way! 
Thank you 
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
https://t.co/PVB6QX7VpK 
THANK YOU! #AmericaFirst 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! 
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando 
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas! 
Thank you Dallas, Texas! 
https://t.co/ui9tSfMcS8 
Houston, TX:
https://t.co/nvHRnfi2N7

Las Vegas, NV
https://t.co/ksU8AGrFBS

Phoenix, AZ:
https://t.co/PVB6QX7VpK 
Join me in Houston, Texas tomorrow night at 7pm! Tickets: 
"Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer." 
The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS! 
McAllen, Texas- 8 miles from 
U.S. - Mexico border. #Trump2016 
Video: 
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 P.M. 
Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!
https://t.co/0nNKEBSd73 
Join me in Dallas, Texas on Thursday!
#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 
https://t.co/fX0kXZUNqz 
Thank you Atlanta, Georgia! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst 
I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns. 
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people! 
An: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump "may have insinuated about But he's right: 
Thank you Greensboro, North Carolina! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst 
TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA:
https://t.co/UolRS3aT6W

WEDNESDAY! GEORGIA:
https://t.co/1JJ2Kn0ani

SATURDAY! NEVADA:
https://t.co/x3w1PHtLXP 
HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the THANK YOU! 
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs. 
AMERICA FIRST! 
American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening. 
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon! #Trump2016
Tickets: 
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- cont'd: 
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd: 
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror. 
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign, we are hereby: 
I am no fan of President Obama, but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is: 
TERRORISM, IMMIGRATION, AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT: 
Congratulations to the 2016 #StanleyCup Champions, Pittsburgh 
I am watching and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying 
I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M. 
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use! 
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough 
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted "Allah hu Akbar!" as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade. 
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace! 
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness &amp; vigilance. We must be smart! 
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart &amp; vigilant? 
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame! 
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded. 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist! 
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly. 
Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro, North Carolina! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst 
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Tampa, Florida!
#AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain 
Sad case- did article saying I don't pay bills- false, only don't pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done! They should do same! 
In Tampa, Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist! 
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is 
Thank you Richmond, Virginia! 
#Trump2016 
Thank you Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.
#RTM2016 #Trump2016 
Heading to Richmond, Virginia now. Join me tonight! #Trump2016
Tickets: 
#FlashbackFriday #CrookedHillary 
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!
https://t.co/aOvVsZfAW3 
2004 VIDEO:
Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change! #Trump2016 
https://t.co/rZ1MqUzpKU 
Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO. 
The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice! 
Join me! 
6/10: Richmond, VA - 8pm
6/11: Tampa, FL - 11am
6/11: Pittsburgh, PA - 3pm
6/13: Portsmouth, NH - 2:30pm
https://t.co/kv624y9UOm 
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice. 
Join me! #Trump2016

6/10: Richmond
https://t.co/I2CJSqAlyl

6/11: Tampa
https://t.co/6jk33orxXG

6/11: Pittsburgh
https://t.co/bwgL1ZXtC7 
Thank you Roseanne, very much appreciated. 
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33,000 emails that you deleted? 
A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv: 
https://t.co/iulXLEANei 
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus! 
As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win! 
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me. 
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 
https://t.co/42OpVsjXjp 
Nobody is watching anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now! 
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved 
Thank you California! #Trump2016 
https://t.co/GusL2UPrX2 
Thank you New Mexico! #Trump2016
https://t.co/wNOY8Pc2kM 
Thank you South Dakota! #Trump2016 
https://t.co/GbRTQdxIj4 
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016
https://t.co/PgIYkHLGtI 
Thank you Montana! #Trump2016
https://t.co/rOvTapLnWG 
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues 
I will be interviewed tonight on - Enjoy! 10:00 P.M. 
Thank you! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president! 
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC &amp; VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres 
See, when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection, they made the change without giving me credit.https://t.co/sRCF1H3rjg 
Thank you Diamond and Silk! 
Remembering the fallen heroes on #DDay - June 6, 1944. 
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one! 
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad! 
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions! 
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish #1, so too should our country. We can be great! 
People like report on my campaign, but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media! 
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change! 
I am watching very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie! 
The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors 
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales, so many people feel this way. 
https://t.co/fMR8YYiiMz 
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010. 
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful! 
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police 
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all! 
Thank you Redding, California!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #CAPrimary 
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile. 
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event taking place on June 24th. 
"I'm a former chief of police in a border town. I'm Hispanic, I'm proud to be Hispanic and I'm 100% behind Trump."
https://t.co/8YtBU7j17m 
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest! 
I don't watch or do anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way! 
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag! 
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell! 
Then, on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
After I will visit in Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean. 
After I will be visiting Aberdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club, 
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated Resort, the worlds best. 
Join me in Redding, California- tomorrow at 1:00pm. #Trump2016
Tickets: 
.@Natalie_Gulbis- Thank you for the nice piece in / up the great work! 
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode! 
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again! 
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential! 
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions. 
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres. 
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews &amp; will win case! 
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC. 
Join me in San Jose, California- tonight!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Tickets: 
Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president? 
Do you ever notice that gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P 
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch! 
Thank you Sacramento, California! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Same failing "reporter" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing! 
Join me in San Jose, California- tomorrow evening at 7pm! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/jLQukR550J 
So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased. 
Congratulations to on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight 10pE. 
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days. 
Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc. 
I will be interviewed on tonight at 10pmE on Enjoy! 
Join me in Sacramento, California-tomorrow evening 7pm! #Trump2016
https://t.co/W7xy7eXcii 
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job. 
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave! 
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch! 
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today, Trump Tower! 
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me. 
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump 
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day! 
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record 
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice! 
In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary! 
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H. 
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court! 
The Republican Party has to be smart &amp; strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate! 
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP can't control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, R's! 
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do. 
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit! 
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them. 
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. #MDW 
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me! 
I am always on the front page of the failing but when I won the GOP nomination, I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest! 
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp; get much better results! What we need as Prez! 
The failing wrote a story about my management style &amp; that I don't have many people. I have 73, Hillary has 800- &amp; I'm beating her. 
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you. 
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH 
Great rally in Fresno, California- great crowd! Thank you! #Trump2016 
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media accounts:
https://t.co/MMa07nwa44 
.@SanDiegoPD- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated! 
Thank you many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music! 
Wow- 25,000 in San Diego, California!
Thank you!! #Trump2016 
I am on tonight, a big special. at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY! 
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on tonight- at 8pmE. Watch it, should be good! #Trump2016 
AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/kTi6e1zyNI 
Poll data shows that does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco! 
Today we, together, won the Republican Nomination for President! 
My wife and my children will be featured on with 7pmE. Enjoy!
#MeetTheTrumps #Trump2016 
Celebrating 1237! #Trump2016 
https://t.co/hPQJc7eor0 
Thank you! #Trump2016
https://t.co/SPJfMFyPjU 
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard. 
Thank you Mr. &amp; Mrs. for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. #Trump2016 
.@kimguilfoyle- just watched you on thank you! 
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H. 
Thank you Anaheim, California!
#Trump2016 
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history. 
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it 
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action! 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite! 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American, is a lowlife! 
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim. 
Thank you Washington! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Great honor to receive today's endorsement of Really nice! #Trump2016 
After raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldn't believe protesters formed Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY! 
Thank you for setting the failing story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written! 
https://t.co/Feb6dhctQo 
A suggestion for the dishonest media- 
A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by 
A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it &amp; you will never be able to vote for her. 
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement! 
I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great! 
Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media. 
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups. 
While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 &amp; 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice! 
Join me in California or Montana!
5/25/16: Anaheim, California
https://t.co/mmPck1HYrC
5/26/16: Billings, Montana
https://t.co/atvrCgjFDe 
I will be interviewed on at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
Is Hillary really protecting women? 
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you America! #Trump2016 
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists! 
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal! 
Join me on Wednesday, May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center!
#Trump2016 #MAGA 
Tickets: 
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women? 
Why do the networks continue to put dopey on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs? 
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity! 
Crooked Hillary said that I want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong! 
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes! #ArmedForcesDay 
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
.@CNN is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off! 
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary! 
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster! 
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton! 
Thank you for the wonderful statement that "the new par 3 9th hole Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain." 
Colin, great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy! 
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! #Trump2016 
Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre, Chris Cox &amp; the 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the prior to #Trump2016 #2A 
Failing will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad! 
Thanks 
"Trump is the most unpredictable, extraordinary, entertaining&amp;massively popular candidate this country has ever seen." 
Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the #SecondAmendment at a private event. #2A cc: 
I am on my way! See you all soon! 
"A Call for Unity" by Jason Greenblatt 
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS! 
Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance! 
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years! 
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie said the same thing! 
Thank you We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!
https://t.co/Mk4YuuRf4s 
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the as a disgusting fraud? Thank you Rowanne. 
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness! 
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list! 
Some low-life journalist claims that I "made a pass" at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the story which has become a joke! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/kXhc2j94YF 
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016 
Thank you Arizona! See you soon!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Why did Clinton supporter declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race? 
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me! 
Paul Begala, the dopey flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me. 
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you. 
Thank you Oregon! #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign 
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on! 
I can't believe that would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN! 
Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how "THE MOVEMENT" does in Oregon tonight! 
Will go back on for a final question now! 
I like Michael Douglas! 
I will be live tweeting Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY! 
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize? 
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged! 
I will be live tweeting my interview with on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy! 
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history? 
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the "energizer" to D.C.? 
#VoteTrump at clerk's offices &amp; 185 ballot drop boxes in #ORPrimary!
Closes at 8pm! 
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her! 
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history 
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China 
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. "You can tell them to go BLANK themselves" - was about China, NOT WOMEN! 
Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run? 
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no. 
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you! 
"In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue." This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history! 
The writer of the now proven false story in the Michael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond. 
The failing is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women. 
Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing story yesterday joined 
https://t.co/qkK3LJPoQQ 
Thank you, Anthony "The Entrepreneur's Case for Trump" 
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing hit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud! 
A political commentator for which I no longer watch, said "Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries." I set all-time record! 
Wow, Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing story yesterday, was on saying Times lied 
The is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie! 
That was an amazing interview on - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the is! 
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run. 
Great new poll- thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
The report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration. 
Thank you Georgia! See you soon!
#Trump2016 
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail! 
Why did the failing refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST! 
Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing piece. Massive front page for that! 
Why doesn't the failing write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest! 
Everyone is laughing at the for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use 
The failing wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke! 
Thank you for the nice words this morning Well delivered and totally logical! 
Wow, is really working hard to make me look as bad as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television! 
Great new poll- thank you! 
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others? 
An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person I
have such tremendous respect for. Thank you, Sheldon! 
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more! 
Great meeting with Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C. #Trump2016 
Great day in D.C. with and Republican leadership. Things working out really well! #Trump2016 
In interview I told that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election! 
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose! 
Thanks Piers. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing! 
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come! 
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose! 
Thank you Nebraska!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you West Virginia!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Hillary has bad judgment! 
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote! 
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan &amp; the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together, we will beat the Dems at all levels! 
Via and Jason Greenblatt "Donald Trump is a Visionary With Talents Our Country Needs" 
WEST VIRGINIA #VoteTrump TODAY!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/pndaZjsruy 
NEBRASKA #VoteTrump TODAY!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/hGbesTbQci 
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position. 
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary! 
Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite! 
. #RepMikeKelly Great job on this morning. Thank you for the nice words! 
Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you Jason Greenblatt "For Our Children: Let's Elect Donald Trump" 
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current! 
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people! 
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did! 
#NEPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016
https://t.co/ygD2z6EnhY
https://t.co/Z2yVlmHl8o 
#WVPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016
https://t.co/ihDWRMdy98
https://t.co/VSStoanoDb 
Will be interviewed by on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy! 
Wow, I hear has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions! 
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. 
.@drmoore Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart! 
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. 
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me! 
On show now. ENJOY! 
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad! 
.@KellyannePolls Kellyanne, you were fantastic on today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy! 
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy! 
#HappyMothersDay! 
https://t.co/T35f2y5YxR 
.@EdGoeas thank you for your support tonight on 
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor! 
I am honored that the great men and women of the have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you. 
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! 
Join me in Washington today!
Spokane tickets:
https://t.co/McBZgICMgs
Lynden tickets:
https://t.co/MTu0GEM7Dx 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action -- maybe her Native American name? 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts. 
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me. 
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy. 
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both. 
Response to 
I hear of rapidly fading is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win. 
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight! 
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now. 
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad! 
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didn't inherit it, I won it with millions of voters! 
So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Governor Rick Perry said "Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen." Thank you Rick! 
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs! 
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. #Trump2016 
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said, "We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&amp;coal companies out of business." She then apologized. 
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 

Omaha, Nebraska:
https://t.co/2OWQIlNutu

Eugene, Oregon:
https://t.co/oroTbvsNdQ 
Happy #CincoDeMayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics! 
I will be interviewed by at 6pm ET tonight 
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans. 
Join me in Charleston, WV - tomorrow! 
I will be interviewed on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy! 
I will be interviewed on and Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M. 
I will be interviewed on at 6:15 A.M. Enjoy! 
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie! 
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him! 
.@oreillyfactor Please correct, I WON Virginia! 
Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget! 
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp; money 
Wow, Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#INPrimary #VoteTrump 
https://t.co/TI27thMZEI 
Polls close at 6pm! #INPrimary #Trump2016 #VoteTrump 
https://t.co/DT9WkYAGEK 
Thank you America! #Trump2016 
https://t.co/tiExz8YhFT 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
#Trump2016 #VoteTrump 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#INPrimary #VoteTrump 
https://t.co/MBgGXSYluW
https://t.co/YPwDZ8Irch 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#INPrimary #VoteTrump
https://t.co/nMqeKxccv6 
Thank you South Bend, Indiana! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary 
https://t.co/rj11BPzqDI 
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon! 
Will be interviewed on tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! #INPrimary 
THANK YOU AMERICA!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Carmel, Indiana! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy! #INPrimary #Trump2016 
I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016. #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun! 
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters! 
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA. 
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to "dealing with men who get off the reservation." Actually, she has done poorly with such men! 
I will be interviewed on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy! 
Join me in Carmel, Indiana- tomorrow at 4pm! #INPrimary 
https://t.co/tfW6B0eZDm 
Thank you Fort Wayne, Indiana!
#Trump2016 #INPrimary 
Thank you Terre Haute, Indiana!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
.@KarlRove is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp; never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air! 
I am on with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with #FNS, throughout the day. Enjoy! 
Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon! 
I watched Sen. Graham Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support? 
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016 
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there! 
Thank you for the nice comments on today. Great job! 
Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates. #Trump2016 #MAGA 
https://t.co/sto7CYV1fw 
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN 
The "protesters" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement! 
.@AC360 Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman! 
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged! 
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016 
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers! 
Wow, the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival! 
Thank you Costa Mesa, California! 31,000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back! #Trump2016 
New York Yankees President, Randy Levine: 'End of the Republican Party' If Donald Trump Not Nominated. 
https://t.co/HEXBZeejBc 
I will be interviewed on with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #INDPrimary 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Evansville, Indiana! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!
https://t.co/dWSSOEctZn 
So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide! 
I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there! 
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort 
I will be interviewed on the at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy! 
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics! 
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby! 
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad! 
Thank you Laura! 
Thank you for the endorsement, Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it!
https://t.co/FchYdKY4F8 
Join me on from Indianapolis, Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy! #Trump2016 
https://t.co/gTyn8GLGil 
THANK YOU Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Agreed! 
Thank you Newt! 
Thanks Dave! 
Thanks! 
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you! 
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 
Thank you Rhode Island! #Trump2016 
Thank you Connecticut! #Trump2016 
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016 
Thank you Maryland! #Trump2016 
Thank you America! #Trump2016 
Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, Maryland! #VoteTrump 
https://t.co/ZttNAmk1QS 
You have until 8pm to #VoteTrump, Delaware! 
Thank you for a great day yesterday, Rhode Island! #VoteTrump
https://t.co/nAlgNIIdyo 
Six hours left to #VoteTrump Connecticut! 
Lets go Pennsylvania! #VoteTrump 
https://t.co/TWQM8AV9p4 
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania, Barron, Ivanka, Jared, Tiffany, Don, Vanessa, Eric, and Lara!
https://t.co/mPGpPFiDl8 
Thank you &amp; #Trump2016 
https://t.co/CMfcrZjHgM 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
https://t.co/xhwhJuV3aa 
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb! 
Thank you Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
https://t.co/FJbNlidwJF 
Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
#CTPrimary #DEPrimary #MDPrimary #PAPrimary #RIPrimary
https://t.co/ndi8sZI1Gt 
Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you West Chester, Pennsylvania!
#PAPrimary #VoteTrump
https://t.co/Qva1QtmhpS 
Thank you Warwick, Rhode Island!
#RIPrimary #VoteTrump 
https://t.co/V0d4CuS1xf 
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night! 
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work. 
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses. 
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness! 
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad! 
Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION! 
I am happy to hear how badly the is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant! 
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday! 
.@AndreBauer Great job and advice on Thank you! 
.@Borisep was great on tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct! 
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win! 
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday! 
Congratulations to on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the today. Amazing job! 
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks! 
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain
https://t.co/qLXTzQPbEj 
Thank you Bridgeport, Connecticut!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/GCtTKnNq06 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. Stop them now: 
Thank you Waterbury, Connecticut!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/5eZ5nVQbE9 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Video: 
Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS &amp; ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district! 
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast! 
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016
https://t.co/Y3UBsxBQmg 
Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon! #Trump2016
https://t.co/mWfLxYKPbk 
Thank you California! See you soon!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/uJCqbQYYWR 
Thank you, #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/FJXjkZAAQf 
Thank you for the incredible support, Maryland! This is a movement!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/Uyq4sTYb0l 
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed! 
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted. 
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify! 
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out! 
I will be doing the with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M. 
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon. #Trump2016 
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana! 
Had a meeting with the terrific of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state! 
Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#Trump360 Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower- 
Off to Indiana! #Trump2016 
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you New York, I will never forget! 
Thank you New York! I love you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
.@CNN is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O said such an amazing thing about me! 
Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/EuFxefFu0D 
Discussing #NewYorkValues
in Buffalo last night- on the eve of the #NYPrimary.
LETS GO NY! #VoteTrump 
https://t.co/6x8Dag7REA 
1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for #POTUS.
#Trump2016 #VoteTrumpNY #PrimaryDay 
Who did the House Task Force on
Urgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP? 
https://t.co/Q1NErOtW9V 
Join me in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow at 3pm! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tickets: 
Thank you Eric! 
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I am on at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY! 
Thank you Buffalo! #NYPrimary 
https://t.co/Z9QphVlZft 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary
https://t.co/awow5pyn7n 
New York, we will make America great again! 
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him 
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp; K 
Thank you for today's endorsement, New York Veteran Police Association! 
#NewYorkValues 
Thank you, California! Will see you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/VyxSXUEkZn 
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun! 
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work! 
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him. 
I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary 
https://t.co/x0smlMCWau 
Thank you California, Connecticut, Maryland, and Pennsylvania!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
See you tomorrow Dutchess County, 
New York! #NYPrimary #TrumpTrain
https://t.co/z9LOIkEyOq 
Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh, PA. 8:00pm on FOX. Enjoy! #Trump2016 
THANK YOU, SYRACUSE! #NYPrimary
https://t.co/9oHimG204Y 
Just arrived in Syracuse, NY. Big crowd, great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs. #NYPrimary 
#ICYMI: this morning. 
https://t.co/s5pUEdCWI0 
I will be interviewed on at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries! 
Join me this weekend! #NYPrimary
4/16: SYRACUSE - NOON
https://t.co/Eu43S1wJN9
4/16: WATERTOWN - 3pm
https://t.co/UdOZzisJhA 
#Trump2016 
Thank you, #Trump2016
https://t.co/KzGweIxaEo 
Thank you America! #Trump2016 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
https://t.co/VxVOG3c5RZ 
Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse, New York! #NYPrimary #Trump2016
https://t.co/F6JkPKb1hn 
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote! 
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters 
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting! 
Will be interviewed by on tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy! #Trump2016 
Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain
Tickets: 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Great to be on tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M. (EASTERN). 
I LOVE NEW YORK! #NewYorkValues 
https://t.co/dbTDhYAX1v 
THANK YOU California, Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania! See you soon!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Missouri just confirmed #Trump2016 as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
WOW, great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016
#NewYorkValues 
Thank you Albany, New York!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/IAOuSY5VDC 
Join me in Rome, NY- tomorrow!
#Trump2016 #NYPrimary
Tickets available: 
Tune in &amp; join me live in Albany, New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain 
https://t.co/rY5zqUX9Wu 
A very interesting piece, by a very good writer, of and 
Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting! 
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly (@oreillyfactor) is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so! 
Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention 
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy! 
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed! 
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/TvFgM4TqKj 
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system! 
The purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more! 
A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife, today. #NewYorkValues 
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that! 
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight 
Nobody beats me on National Security. 
https://t.co/sCrj4Ha1I5 
Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt. 
Jennifer is a terrific person. 
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it! 
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't forget! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home! 
I was not scheduled to be on the Pure fiction! 
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island! 
Still time to get out and VOTE!
#WIPrimary #Trump2016 #MAGA
https://t.co/HjnGrR25Vf 
Wow, is in total disarray 
with almost everybody quitting. Good
news -- bad, dishonest journalists! 
Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open! #VoteTrump today &amp; we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
https://t.co/iiXHgM7aA2 
I will be on tonight at 10pmE w/ from Wisconsin. Enjoy! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
https://t.co/yypR5snYBC 
Leaving Superior, Wisconsin now. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary
https://t.co/AoTBAQgcZr 
Wow, great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you! 
Will be interviewed on on from #Wisconsin tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show. 
Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you 
Just departing La Crosse, Wisconsin. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary
https://t.co/xk2cVAz0eY 
This Tweet from has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder. 
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
A great night in West Allis, Wisconsin! Thank you! #VoteTrumpWI #WIPrimary 
https://t.co/4x9gw1RhWS 
I am on with doing a town hall, from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Congratulations to for winning the We are all proud of you &amp; all clubs! Great going! 
I will be in Milwaukee, Wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pmE with Join us! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 
Thank you Miss Katie's Diner!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/oYpUYJmpKI 
Thank you New York, and Pennsylvania! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary 
I will be on with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy! 
Thank you Eau Claire, Wisconsin. 
#VoteTrump on Tuesday, April 5th!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I will be interviewed by on tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #Trump2016 
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN!
Thank you #Racine &amp; #Wausau! Just arrived in #EauClaire! #Trump2016
#WIPrimary #TrumpTrain 
.@FoxNews should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack! 
.@HeyTammyBruce- Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with! 
Great honor to have General Counsel, #JohnRyder as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party! 
Join me on Monday, April 4th in Milwaukee! #WIPrimary #Trump2016
Tickets: 
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed! 
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals! 
If stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with beat her by millions! 
Is it possible for to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD. 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
https://t.co/SULeDE2PYp 
Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade? 
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States! 
My new radio ad, airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon!
#WIPrimary #Trump2016 
https://t.co/iEbcYqyk3i 
Does anybody like Lyin' Ted? 
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp; economic threat facing the American people! 
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again! 
The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/aANxirUJJD 
THANK YOU, NEW YORK! #Trump2016 
THANK YOU, AMERICA! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/09hTbBgPHf 
THANK YOU, WISCONSIN! #VoteTrump 
next Tuesday, April 5th! #WIPrimary
https://t.co/4tymy651ZP 
Just had a very nice meeting with Priebus and the Looking forward to bringing the Party 
together --- and it will happen! 
The Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength. #Trump2016 
https://t.co/2GD1TT8fXc 
Thank you- Appleton, Wisconsin!
#WIPrimary #Trump2016 
https://t.co/XkbTWHpEvy 
Congratulations to for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Please keep your thoughts &amp; prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005. 
THANK YOU, NEW YORK!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/PuqiM93zOS 
.@DavidGregory got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is on being nasty to me. Not nice! 
Final #'s just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified #'s show a 365 vote increase for me- least 12 more delegates! 
Thank you! #Trump2016 
Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:
https://t.co/EKU5QMgjd4 
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
https://t.co/0w4ldD7dW3 
Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand?? 
This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility, she changed her tune. 
Victory press conference was over. 
Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges? 
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape? 
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there! 
How come the &amp; show the new Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz? 
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC. 
Wow, has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight! 
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN &amp; MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN! 
Lyin' Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm! 
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak &amp; losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates 
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me! 
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President! 
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must! 
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called "leaders" ever learn! 
"Kirsten Powers: Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story" 
via the Gateway Pundit: 
I will be interviewed on at 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin! 
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more! 
See Lyin' Ted, even the (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio, not Trump! 
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming 
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great! JOBS! 
Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women &amp; children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve 
Happy Easter to all, have a great day! 
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits! 
Wow, sleepy eyes is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others 
I am interviewed on This Week on this morning. Enjoy! 
Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others! 
Don't believe the Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election. 
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs 
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out! 
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story! 
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite! 
The media is so after me on women Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump! 
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws! 
Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot? 
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin' Ted! 
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz- 
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad! 
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S. I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem! 
Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. is wasting time 
.@TheView T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM "NO" 
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST! 
It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO! 
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a "hell hole" and a mess and the failing wrote a critical article. I was so right! 
These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better! 
.@LindseyGrahamSC and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing! 
It is amazing how gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run! 
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now! 
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I want to thank for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe! 
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race! 
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first! 
Thank you, Arizona! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain
https://t.co/MMPR0Omwog 
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted! 
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices! 
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget! 
Thank you, Arizona! #Trump2016
#WesternTuesday #TrumpTrain 
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in. No way! 
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife! 
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp; get home to Washington- where a #POTUS, under a serious emergency belongs! 
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame. 
#UtahCaucus message from #UTCaucus
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/kHigCSUnFC 
#ArizonaPrimary message from #AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/WzTDekWJAQ 
#VoteTrump video: #ArizonaPrimary #UtahCaucus #UTCaucus #AmericanSamoa 
My heart &amp; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped, and I will stop it. 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly! 
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart! 
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect 
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there! 
So the highly overrated anchor, is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I can't fight back? Wrong! 
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters! 
Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES, are never blamed by media? SAD! 
Will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy! 
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon. 
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday! #AZPrimary 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you- Tucson, Arizona! A great afternoon with 6,000 supporters! #VoteTrump on Tuesday!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
.@AndreaTantaros- You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
.@jessebwatters- Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
.@DiamondandSilk- Just watched you on #WattersWorld with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people! #Trump2016 
THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20,000 amazing supporters! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday. I love you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Wow, ratings are up 75% because it's "all Trump, all the time." The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Great to be back in Arizona!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
If crazy didn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways! 
Crazy says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me! 
Thank you- New York! I love you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! #Trump2016 
Reading of the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy! 
While I have never met of the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world! 
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Watching fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan. 
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. 
Love Utah- will be back! 
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri? 
I guess I have reached yet another "ceiling" - 49.7%, with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you! 
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets! 
Everybody should boycott the show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick, &amp; the most overrated person on tv. 
Thank you Arizona- I love you! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/1Yak4I5B7b 
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost! 
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2 
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who "choked" and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me! 
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary 
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. Remember, I said- NO! 
Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful! 
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this? 
.@EWErickson got fired like a dog from RedState
and now he is the one leading opposition against me. 
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0! 
Join us in Salt Lake City, Utah- tonight!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/1cJ7OFbQiz 
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know. 
Highly overrated &amp; crazy is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn! 
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine! 
See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday. 
Please explain to the dummies at the Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all 11 of them! 
.@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me! 
.@WSJ Editorial says "Clinton primary vote total is 8,646,551.Trump's is 7,533,692"-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize 
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem! 
Crazy is now complaining that did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough! 
Great news that has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating 
Crazy supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win! 
Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad! 
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. 
Thank you, Missouri! #Trump2016 
Wow, just won Missouri! 
I am making a big speech the night of the debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins! 
Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support! 
In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$! 
Is this what we want for a President? 
.@RepTomMarino Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side! 
.@pastormarkburns You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you! 
I will be interviewed on at 8:30 A.M. ENJOY! 
Will be interviewed on at 7:40. ENJOY! 
Will be interviewed on on at 7:15 A.M. 
Will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night! 
Thank you Marco, I agree! 
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at 
Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner! 
Thank you Illinois! #SuperTuesday 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy is unwatchable. 
Thank you, Florida! #SuperTuesday 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you, Northern Mariana Islands!#SuperTuesday #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big &amp; over! 
Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon! 
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false. 
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will "sing" again. 
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary! 
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now! 
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down. 
North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK! 
Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you! #SuperTuesday #VoteTrump 
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter, #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday 
Don't reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.). 
Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists! 
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL 
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness! 
Sadly, this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/jC7cn1v18u 
THANK YOU - Youngstown, Ohio! I love you! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow. #Trump2016 
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers! 
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! #VoteTrump 
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida! 
We don't have a country- if we don't have borders. #VoteTrump 
Video: 
Just received from 
Thank you Pete! #VoteTrump on 
Tuesday Ohio! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
LYIN' TED 
The failing is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people! 
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp; should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue. 
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!
https://t.co/08xkEBD8Be 
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party, Republican wins will be massive! 
https://t.co/1rmyCGSlsV 
Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the 
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying! 
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours! 
Wow, Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem! 
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! 
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way 
#EndCommonCore #Trump2016
Video: 
Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton &amp; 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you, Ohio! 
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians! 
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact! 
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. 
No way to run a country! 
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, &amp; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote. 
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you Dayton, Ohio! 20,000 supporters- largest in airport history! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon! 
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio! 
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud! 
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico! 
The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America! 
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump today! #Trump2016 
Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres! #Trump2016 
It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman &amp; conservative. 
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/qM1Mwq05j2 
Rumor has it that is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckerman's 

Dr. Ben Carson- I concur. 

"I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better."
@RealBenCarson 
Thank you! #GOPDebate 
Thank you America! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Mark. #GOPDebate 
Wow, you are all correct about - totally biased and disgusting reporting. 
Another Dishonest Politician 
#LightweightSenatorMarcoRubio 
Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, &amp; is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers! 
Thank you Hawaii! #Trump2016 
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support. 
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016 
Thank you Mississippi! #Trump2016 
Thank you! #Trump2016 
Thank you America! #Trump2016
https://t.co/jOD54EGGmG 
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now! 
I hear / came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll 
The negative television commercials about me, paid for by the politicians bosses, are a total #Mediafraud. When you watch, remember! 
Hawaii:
https://t.co/MnIlk2l9hP
Idaho:
https://t.co/7y5RxLpZRQ
Mississippi:
https://t.co/n43cPeJIqa
Michigan:
https://t.co/GL5JiZbqIc 
#VoteTrumpID! #Trump2016
https://t.co/c6NHn6d6jX 
#VoteTrumpHI! #Trump2016
https://t.co/cCCLxnisSO 
#VoteTrumpMI! #Trump2016
https://t.co/IWMxISjH6L 
#VoteTrumpMS! #Trump2016
https://t.co/KaHD0uENla 
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad! 
Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests! 
Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you 
Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho &amp; Hawaii: Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video: 
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly &amp; are bad for America. 
People forget, it was Club for Growth that asked me for $1 million. I said no &amp; they went negative. Extortion! 
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against It
https://t.co/zw4o1DJgfB 
Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with 10,000! 
Thank you! 
I will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm EST on Enjoy! 
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio: 
https://t.co/cNe0skpB5i 
Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes- 
nobody grows them better. As 
President, I will protect your market. 
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted "excellent" reviews. 
It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry! 
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people! 
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun! 
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish! 
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida 
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of $'s in false ads! 
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous failures have ZERO credibility! 
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty! 
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp; Twitter. Watch! 
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do 
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P.M. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you to and for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are #1 in the ratings! 
Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring 2 people who signed these letters: 
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful! 
Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed! 
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016 
FLORIDA: Do not miss this opportunity to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you 
I will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy! 
.@FoxNews is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great! 
Thank you Kentucky! #Trump2016
#SuperSaturday 
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016
#SuperSaturday 
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship in Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, Adam, and Dustin all at the top! 
Thank you Willie Robertson! 
#VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the #TrumpTrain! 
I am watching two clown announcers on as they try to build up failed presidential candidate #LittleMarco. Fox News is in the bag! 
Romney's failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- don't know how to win! 
.@MittRomney was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it! 
Thank you, Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now, be there soon! 
#CaucusForTrump #Trump2016 
Getting ready to make my speech at #KansasCaucus. A great honor! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! #CaucusForTrump 
To the people of Kentucky, 
Rand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure. 
#VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.)
KY his 2nd choice! 
Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before! 
Wow, big lines in Kansas. 
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for! 
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!). 
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/HtVKgLdKcp 
Thank you New Orleans, Louisiana!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrump
https://t.co/tI1h9xT9GX 
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/HtVKgLvlAZ 
Thank you Cadillac, Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI on 3/8/2016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
https://t.co/8RDmQCbHce 
#VoteTrumpKS #Trump2016
March 5, 2016 | Wichita, Kansas: 
https://t.co/BkvBzvsJ12 
U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election: 
Thank you Macomb County, Michigan! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you America! #Trump2016 
https://t.co/fNMPlXpkFf 
MY POSITION ON VISAS
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/JGmOd5gr5z 
The Better Business Bureau report, with an A rating for Trump University. #GOPDebate 
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- don't think I ever even used. 
Senator Sessions will serve as the 
Chairman of my National Security 
Advisory Committee. 
THANK YOU PORTLAND, Maine!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/6lMFR6z8xO 
On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it! #Trump2016 
Will miss tonight at the #GOPDebate. I hope all of Ben's followers will join the #TrumpTrain. We will never forget. 
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW! 
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win 
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago? 
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney, who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of "Trump" 
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke! 
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement! 
Failed candidate Mitt Romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big "R" win! 
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger! 
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp; Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS 
Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Video: 
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.
Video: 
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2) 
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2) 
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here: 
.@CNN poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it! 
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party! 
My wife will be #OnTheRecord w/ tonight at 7pmE on Enjoy! 
https://t.co/yxrRkJJSGG 
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry! 
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale &amp; his no show voting! 
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me. 
Thank you Vermont! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday 
Thank you Arkansas! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday 
Thank you Virginia! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday 
Thank you Alabama! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday 
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday 
Thank you Massachusetts! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday 
Thank you Georgia!
#SuperTuesday #Trump2016 
Wow! Thank you Louisville, Kentucky! 
#VoteTrump on 3/5/2016! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
https://t.co/frO6s3NKpp 
Lets go America! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
#SuperTuesday 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! 
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley! 
Got the endorsement of Brian France and yesterday in Georgia. Also, many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia! 
Thank you Georgia! 15,000 amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #SuperTuesday 
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas, Tom Leppert, has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday 
Thank you Brian France, Bill Elliott, &amp; #NASCAR #Trump2016 #VoteTrump
https://t.co/6UDcvm1GB2 
Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled, but won't out of principle! See student surveys. 
Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle! 
Thank you Virginia! 15,000 amazing supporters! Everyone get out and #VoteTrump tomorrow! 
My wife will be joining tonight at 8pmE on Enjoy! 
#Trump2016 #TrumpInstagram: 
I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU, the American people!
#Trump2016 Video: 
"Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York"
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/fQR48CVIbt 
Join me in Columbus, Ohio tomorrow!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/yFhZd55GD9 
Thank you America! Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
My sons, Don and Eric, are on now 7:35. Great kids, enjoy! 
Thank you #Trump2016
https://t.co/Szs0QF88HR 
THANK YOU ALABAMA! 32,000 supporters tonight. Get out &amp; VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video: 
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now! #Trump2016 
Phylis Schlafly: 'Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All' 
Little Marco Rubio treated America's ICE officers "like absolute trash" in order to pass Obama's amnesty. 
Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of "sex offenses." DISGRACE! 
Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action. #RobotRubio 
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic! 
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician. 
Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab! 
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow. 
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the "puppet" of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH! 
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us! 
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get. 
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY 
The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to "hit" Trump.I signed the pledge-careful 
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida 
We need to fix our broken education system! #StopCommonCore 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Video: 
THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
Incredibly proud of my son &amp; his efforts on behalf of in Memphis, TN. 
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004. 
Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz, and may be an even bigger liar 
.#RogerStone was just banned by - their loss! Tough, loyal guy. 
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing! 
I only wish my wonderful father, Fred, gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didn't - total fabrication! 
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people! 
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz! 
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit, no problem! 
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why? 
I will be on at 8:30 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz! 
Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
What I would do on my first day in office. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watch: 
Thank you Texas! 10,000 amazing 
supporters! #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Never let them see you sweat! 
Thank you for your support &amp; 
friendship- Governor #Trump2016 
They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high &amp; dry. Doesn't even show up for votes! 
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown. 
Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor! 
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material! 
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed! 
Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11:30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made! 
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit! 
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser! 
I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus! 
Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting! #Trump2016 
All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy, but good. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you! #GOPDebate Polls 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Thank you! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 
Failed presidential candidate was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid &amp; didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12. 
THANK YOU! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/nvgOPoo5qf 
FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar! 
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina, it's over. He didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide! 
Thank you Illinois! #Trump2016 
Join me in Oklahoma tomorrow night!
#MakeYoutubeGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/sUTcDoip3C 
I'm going to do what was totally unable to do- WIN! 
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Schedule &amp; tickets: 
Signing a recent tax return- isn't this ridiculous? 
Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope! 
Great new poll. Thank you Texas! #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out Poll snd Q Poll. 
Texas, Georgia &amp; many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement!
#Trump2016 VOTE VIDEO: 
.@RepChrisCollins Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down! 
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem! 
Why would Texans vote for "liar" Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently 
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win! 
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy 
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out, I will pick up more. Sad but true 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey He should be fired! 
I am in Virginia Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here: 
I am self funding my campaign &amp; don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people! #Trump2016
Watch: 
.@USATODAY Poll and say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even started on them yet! 
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. on is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick! 
did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you! 
Melania will be interviewed by on now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY! 
THANK YOU NEVADA!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@Snapchat! 
Username: realdonaldtrump 
https://t.co/e0HX1zekX8 
THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
https://t.co/ClAnLIg0AD 
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL. 
Exclusive interview w/ my wife tomorrow morning 8amE on w/ Enjoy! 
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
My wife Melania will be on tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by - Enjoy! 
Thank you Sparks, Nevada!
#VoteTrumpNV 

#NevadaCaucus Finder: 
https://t.co/Ryp3DwNe0u

https://t.co/n74lmDoRQO 
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads. 
Great. Just reported on that many people who supported are now supporting me. I knew that would happen, pundits didn't! 
Wow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points, beating K! 
Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing, in and out. I love &amp; invest in Nevada! 
Join us in Sparks, Nevada today! 
#NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV 
https://t.co/5DyhPftng9 
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past. 
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp; said no! 
Ted Cruz does not have the right "temperment" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD! 
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked. 
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration. 
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS, NEVADA!
#NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV
https://t.co/cZlNRrFtW3 
Join me live- now in Las Vegas, Nevada! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus 
Ted Cruz said on that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy! 
A big fat hit job on tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased. said I would never run, a dope! 
Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by on 
Thank you Vermont! #VoteTrumpVT 
https://t.co/8KGOpqDb9t 
Thank you Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI
Trump 35%
Kasich 17%
Cruz 12%
Rubio 12%
Carson 9% 
Via: ARG 
Great poll! Thank you North Carolina! 
#VoteTrumpNC on 3/15!
Trump 36%
Cruz 18%
Rubio 18%
Carson 10%
Kasich 7%
Via 
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. #VoteTrumpMA
https://t.co/mNbDUPrEeh 
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown! 
Thank you Illinois! Great news! #VoteTrumpIL on 3/15!
Trump 28%
Cruz 15%
Rubio 14%
Kasich 13%
Bush 8%
Carson 6%
Simon Poll/SIU 
I will be on tonight- from Las Vegas, Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy! #Hannity #Trump2016 
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad. 
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy? 
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support! 
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics! 
Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks! 
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done. 
Thank you for your endorsement #BikersForTrump #VoteTrumpNV Video: 
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry! 
I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide! 
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars! 
I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada! 
A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN! 
THANK YOU Atlanta, Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you South Carolina! 
A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re: Jeb. 
The failing Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased! 
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy! 
Thank you for your amazing help and support. Big win, leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it! 
What a great night. Thank you South Carolina, a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE 
People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE) 
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today), and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow it 
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go! 
I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates! 
Lying #Ted Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds, great people. Going for a third now! 
Boycott all Apple products until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal 
Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs &amp; should demand security. It is time to get tough &amp; be smart! 
I use both iPhone &amp; Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Remember, Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld #ObamaCare twice! I am the only one who will #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN! 
I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, &amp; allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice &amp; freedom for consumer. 
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law, in its entirety, &amp; replace it w/ something much better. 
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper &amp; have been consistent- I will repeal all of #ObamaCare, including the mandate, period. 
A message from #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Video: 
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Tonight I will be on with at 10pm and w/ at 10:10pm. Enjoy! #VoteTrumpSC #Trump2016 
We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 #VoteTrumpSC
https://t.co/wG4RgO0pNm 
Join us Saturday night- for the South Carolina Primary Watch Party!
#SCPrimary #Trump2016 
Join us tomorrow night in Charleston, South Carolina! #SCPrimary #Trump2016 
Response to the Pope:
https://t.co/iWDjTIQyhE 
I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar! 
.@FoxNews is changing their theme from "fair and balanced" to "unfair and unbalanced." But dying is worse.Their phony poll is a joke! 
Thank you South Carolina! Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpSC 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you America! #Trump2016
https://t.co/U9L0ja3frk 
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly! 
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie. 
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls, the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJ/NBC poll. 
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah, South Carolina! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC
#Trump2016 
https://t.co/pG868uImBb 
THANK YOU AMERICA! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you Nevada! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada! 
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1%, he should take his dumb mouthpiece, and just go home. 
.@FoxNews is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative! 
I will beat Hillary easily, but Lindsey Graham says I won't, and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on? 
.@lindseygraham, who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on 
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I "would never be president" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history! 
Why does devote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative? Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn! 
Thank you for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina. 
.@brithume thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it! 
Explain to and who know nothing, that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can! 
Will be interviewed by tonight by phone- a late show first Enjoy! 
#Colbert #LSSC 
Thank you, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you to the 2,500+ in North Augusta, South Carolina. Lines down the block! Don't forget to VOTE on Saturday! 
#TeamTrump is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero. #MaitnerStrong 
Just sat down for a great interview with in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! #VoteTrumpSC 
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big, Cruz, Rubio and Bush down. The debate results, even with a stacked RNC audience, were wonderful! 
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same. 
New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you! #VoteTrumpSC 
What a night! 10,000 amazing supporters in Greenville, South Carolina! THANK YOU!
VOTE on Saturday! #VoteTrumpSC 
Thank you for your continued support!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ: #VoteTrumpSC 
JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private "Eminent Domain" --- Just another clueless politician! 
https://t.co/yZT3lSutt9 
Jeb used Eminent Domain &amp; took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. (2/2)
https://t.co/eiBCld77tV 
I'd like to call JEB a liar, but the truth is he has no clue &amp; never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2) 
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!), is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful! 
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG, BIG, BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN 
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates, Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada 
Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy, now brother! 
Ted Cruz, along with Jeb Bush, pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice, but didn't! 
Wow, in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you! 
Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists &amp; special interests - the bosses! 
Loved the debate last night, and almost everyone said I won, but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors &amp; special ints 
Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
https://t.co/fFN9pisyQ4 
I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy! 
This shows what a complete &amp; total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldn't have nominated John Roberts. Really? 
Even though every poll, Time, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate by a lot, only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke! 
#GOPDebate #GoogleTrends 
Hey see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing! #GOPDebate 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge, TIME, etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest! 
How can beat Hillary Clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the #GOPDebate stage with $150M? I am the only one who can! 
Thank you! I miss my father. 
Lightweight said tonight he didn't know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie! 
#GOPDebate 
On the way to the #GOPDebate with my wonderful wife 
Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts! 
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/ saying I may not be on ballot &amp; I hold liberal positions. LIES! 
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington &amp; Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud! 
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY! 
Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight. 
Thank you, South Carolina! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!
https://t.co/8pfvTZngrZ 
"Get on Trump's List" email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay. 
Email: 
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue, head of The Catholic League, for the wonderful interview on and article in Newsmax! Great insight 
Totally unauthorized, do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn. #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
The RNC, which is probably not on my side, just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC. 
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America (2,000) being eliminated for move to Mexico- via Hartford Courant. 
I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/8MQ4imuTTi 
Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow. 
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon. 
11,000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5,000 outside. Will be back! 
I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016
https://t.co/wd3LlMz01I 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Millions of $'s of false ads, paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater and sleepy are now running in S.C. 
Last time lightweight tried to knock off he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time, he is out! 
Lightweight is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad! 
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me, they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect &amp; ill-informed ads. 
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution, which naturally, they did not get. 
You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary. 
The failing destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman, is preparing to close and save face by going online. It's dead! 
NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.

Visit: from 
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest? 
Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin &amp; others? 
THANK YOU- Baton Rouge, Louisiana! WE will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 
Just landed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/ How can he preach Christian values? 
Heading to Baton Rouge, Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon. #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest "pushpolls" on me. We are watching! 
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance! 
He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Remember, it was the Republican Party, with the help of Conservatives, that made so many promises to their base, BUT DIDN'T KEEP THEM! Hi DT 
.@MarkHalperin showed a focus group on me using a very bad word. I never said the word, left an open blank. Please apologize! 
Jeb Bush spent more than $40,000,000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5, I spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability! 
There are no buyers for the worthless but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser! 
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local! 
THANK YOU- Clemson, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SCPrimary 
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core. 
Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7:00 P.M. Tremendous crowd! 
So funny, Jeb Bush called me a "highly gifted politician and a great entertainer" - I assume that is a compliment! 
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today. 
Like the worthless looks like will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money, no cred! 
Worthless which dopey Mort Zuckerman, is desperately trying to sell, has no buyer! Liabilities are massive! 
Dopey Mort Zuckerman, owner of the worthless has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon! 
Thank you to the people of New Hampshire, I love you! Now, off to South Carolina. 
Thank you, New Hampshire! Departing with my amazing family now! #FITN #NHPrimary
https://t.co/rbFfcq8gQq 
We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security. 
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare! 
ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our "leader" - If I win it will be a very different story,with very fast results 
New Hampshire vote today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
You can find your polling locations at: 
https://t.co/BmZyKQOZJJ #FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH 
A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day! #VoteTrumpNH 
Video: 
Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire! #VoteTrumpNH
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I will be interviewed on at 8:40. A.M. Enjoy! 
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great! 
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so! 
I know the "Governors" and Jeb Bush, who has gone nasty with lies, is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain! 
Remember wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION ("come as act of love"). Not a leader! 
Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN 
Thank you, New Hampshire! 
#FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH 
Voting questions? 
#VoteTrumpNH #NHPrimary #FITN
https://t.co/p4XCxNkXQO 
Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super PACs. Sad! 
Today's third stop- Londonderry, New Hampshire! Thank you!
#FITN #VoteTrumpNH 
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure! 
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of #CommonCore and very weak on illegal immigration. 
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem, New Hampshire. #FITN #NHPrimary 
Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate! 
My two wonderful sons, Don and Eric, will be on at 7:02 - now! Enjoy. 
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the #GOPDebate last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl. #SuperBowlSunday #SB50 
Thank you- Plymouth, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary 
Thank you Newt! 
We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! 5K+! Join us tomorrow: 
Great to meet everyone while having breakfast this morning! #FITN #VoteTrumpNH
https://t.co/25UwkinUOd 
.@ABCPolitics #GOPDebate
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy! 
I am on now! Tune in! 
I will be on State of the Union with at 9am. Enjoy! 
Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester, New Hampshire on 2/8! Register now: 
I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening! 
Join me tomorrow in Plymouth, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary 
https://t.co/zQscD1mCwM 
The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS- I will create borders &amp; the drugs will stop pouring in. 
Wow, Jeb Bush, whose campaign is a total disaster, had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice! 
Border agent: "We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether"
https://t.co/LsrIXzCyJr 
I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately! 
https://t.co/IWXGbBVwvT 
It never ends! 
I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration, even with criminals. 
https://t.co/IZgZqr6BgB 
10,000 people in South Carolina, unbelievable evening! Will be in New Hampshire tomorrow- love it. 
Really dumb Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser, zero credibility! 
Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday, February 10th! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/X6tp1bpIhi 
Heading to South Carolina, really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Such great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow. #NewHampshire #FITN #VoteTrumpNH 
https://t.co/W04ezOy28v 
Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days. 
Join us Monday, February 8th the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPolitics #Trump2016 
Watch on NOW! 
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting! 
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire, boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll, very nice! 
This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone, a misdemeanor at minimum. 
.@oreillyfactor as per the show, an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone. 
#ICYMI: &amp; discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa- as they went to vote. 
Thank you &amp; Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa, with each candidate moving up one notch. 
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat! 
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock, Arkansas tonight! A record crowd of 12K. #Trump2016
https://t.co/MjtIq2ii0Q 
Stop the assault on American values. Stand w/ Trump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
#VotersSpeak: 
Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for "deceit and dirty tricks and lies." 
Cruz just lied again- I am, and have been totally against #ObamaCare- repeal and replace! 
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud! 
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote. #CruzFraud 
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified. 
And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and "choice" - a total lie! 
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud 
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters. 
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release that was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz. 
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad! 
Great job on tonight begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! 
On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd! 
#FITN #Trump2016 
https://t.co/oUg1ErD0j7 
Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz's far too long, rambling, overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment! 
.@Morning_Joe on He finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro" 
I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing, but not worth it! 
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd 
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history! 
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz &amp; Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor 
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice 
It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Join us! #CaucusForTrump
11am WATERLOO: CEDER RAPIDS: 
.@DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; his wife attended the #SnowflakeGardenBrunch- here w/ Governor 
Watch show you how easy it is to #CaucusForTrump in Iowa! #IACaucus Video: 
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! #CaucusForTrump 
It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#CaucusForTrump Video: 
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with this morning. Enjoy! 
I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With this morning. ENJOY! 
If I would have done the last debate, a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also, VETS got $6,000,000. 
By not doing the failed, poorly rated debate, I was able to make the point of not allowing "unfairness" - while raising $6,000,000 for VETS. 
Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me, will repeal &amp; replace. He lies! 
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans, scam! 
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN! 
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife, Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State! 
.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more, he endorsed Cruz. 
.@bobvanderplaats asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100,000 for himself.Phony 
.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms, free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz! 
The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters "in violation." They are now under investigation. Bad! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
#IACaucus #CaucusForTrump
https://t.co/nU39QHzxxX 
#IACaucus #CaucusForTrump
#iCaucused #iVoted
https://t.co/jSYl2IYjPO 
I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace I've received on the campaign trail. Video: 
I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally, after all these years of watching stupidity, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material! 
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers, behind the scenes in Iowa! #CaucusForTrump 
Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa! #IACaucus #CaucusForTrump 
Tickets: 
.@oreillyfactor The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights, as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6,000,000 for our VETS! 
.@FoxNews is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6,000,000 raised in one hour for our VETS. 
Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator like who is easy, to endorse him. Not one Senator is endorsing Canada Ted! 
.@BenSasse looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected? 
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than as your Senator. Saw him on - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols. 
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president? 
Thank you for all of your support Iowa!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#IACaucus finder: 
Thank you, America! #Trump2016
Via 
Join me tomorrow in Dubuque, Iowa! #IACaucus #Trump2016 
https://t.co/rWbHdaYgBl 
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/NpJGvQwYU5 
"Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet: THANK YOU!" John Wayne Walding 
https://t.co/wG8EzPHZt1 
Thank you!
Mitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents. 
Trump 47% Clinton 43% 
Great Twitter poll- and I wasn't even there. Thank you! #GOPDebate 
Getting ready to take off for Nashua, New Hampshire. Big crowd, will be there soon. Fun! 
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6,000,000 for our great vets. They were so happy &amp; proud 
Thank you for your interest &amp; support during last nights #GOPDebate! #IACaucus finder: 
Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll! 
Thank you for your support!
https://t.co/Mjr8D4dDrK 
Thank you, America! 
Thank you for the kind words tonight, You were great! See you soon! 
I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely.
#ThankAVet Video: 
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6,000,000.00 while the politicians talked! #GOPDebate 
Watching biased Charles a flunky who didn't know that I won every debate, in particular- the last one. Check polls! 
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:
https://t.co/ANvTcZ8EpQ 
20 Most Anticipated Hotel Openings of 2016: Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C. 
Tennessee GOP Poll
https://t.co/hfSxKaXC42
Trump 32.7%
Cruz 16.5%
Carson 6.6%
Rubio 5.3%
Christie 2.4%
Jeb 1.6% 
It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you! #Trump4Vets
https://t.co/UVn3kUd2DV 
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:
https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq 
Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done! #Trump2016 
The "debate" tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this. 
Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University. 
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:
https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq 
On Greta, 87% of the people said they would not watch the debate if I'm not in it. Wow- what an honor! 
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST! 
Thank you- Lexington, South Carolina!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/jaiRNIyYGL 
It was the childishly written &amp; taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate, more so than lightweight reporter, 
I will be interviewed on tonight at 8:00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy! 
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists &amp; special interests. 
Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada? 
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic! 
The statement put out yesterday by was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty &amp; dumb 
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo, because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter! 
CBS's FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since 2001
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 

Pathetic attempt by to try and build up ratings for the #GOPDebate. Without me they'd have no ratings! 
https://t.co/2bx54VKpQh 
Thank you, America!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
"Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation" 
https://t.co/tPiIyk4Dyc 
"Minorities Line Up Behind Donald Trump" #Trump2016 
https://t.co/ClcvOgWOMy 
THANK YOU! #Trump2016
#IACaucus finder: 
Do you think knows about dealings? Actually, I doubt it! 
Should I do the #GOPdebate? 
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University, one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation, has just endorsed me! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
https://t.co/oJyGTj5QX8 
For the great people of Iowa, find your #IACaucus location at - so important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Why doesn't phony tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying 
I will end common core. It's a disaster.
https://t.co/d83XYrqZ3m
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
"Donald Trump retains national lead in new ABC News/WaPo poll with 37%: 
I will be interviewed by on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy. 
I will be doing this morning at around 7:00. Likewise, I will be doing at around 7:00. Figure it out! 
Thank you - Farmington, New Hampshire! #FITN #Trump2016 
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. #FITN 
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! #FITN 
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough! 
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work! 
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll #'s are way down! 
I will be on with from 5-7pm est. on 
I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours. 
Find out where to #VoteTrump on caucus night in Iowa on 2/1/16!
#IACaucus #FITN #Trump2016 
https://t.co/xd9iG0uh4l 
Obama's deal vs. Trump's deals- 
Join us in Iowa, tomorrow! #IACaucus #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
3:00pm: 
7:30pm: 
I will be on The Situation Room with from 5-7pm est on CNN 
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. #Trump2016 
Video: 
IPSOS/REUTERS POLL
Thank you! #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada, or get out of race 
Fox News Poll
Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN
#Trump2016 
New Fox News Poll
Thank you, Iowa! #Trump2016 
#IACaucus 
I will make our Military so big, powerful &amp; strong that no one will mess with us. #Trump2016 
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S. Enjoy! 
I will be on this morning at various times across the U.S. Enjoy! 
Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. 
https://t.co/tEHJTl6tNA
review-doomed 
Word is that crying left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock. 
Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges. 
Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine, Iowa. 
I will be on FOX with the great tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy! #Trump2016 
.@williebosshog such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello! 
Heading now to Pella, Iowa. Big crowd! Remember, Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon! 
For the great people of Iowa, find your #IACaucus location at So important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Just left Sioux Center, Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow! 
A wonderful story on Iowa voters by of the 
https://t.co/fGVQsMbRKj 
Failing lost all credibility. Not only was he fired FOX, he would have voted for Clinton over McCain. 
Based on conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate. 
Heading to Sioux County, Iowa, where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again! 
Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was, until recently, a Canadian citizen, many believe he cannot run! 
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull, politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen! 
.@AnnCoulter has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders, we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again! 
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history. #Trump2016 #VoteTrump 
https://t.co/tykxcT5ZtG 
I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm! 
A wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it. I am for the people and the people are for me. #Trump2016 
https://t.co/6rh849dlYZ 
Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. &amp; is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi, low interest loans. No legal disclosure &amp; never sold off assets. 
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for #POTUS. He could be Canadian Prime Minister. 
Cruz says I supported TARP, which gave $25 million to Goldman Sachs, the bank which loaned him the money he didn't disclose. Puppet! 
The only reason irrelevant doesn't like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad! 
.@BrentBozell, one of the National Review lightweights, came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesn't he say that? 
Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom can't help you with ISIS, the Chinese or with Putin. 
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what's going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada? 
Rush Limbaugh is great, tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! Thanks Rush! #Trump2016 
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting. 
Just received the new Fox poll.
Thank you, America! #Trump2016 
Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out:.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers. 
Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls! 
New National GOP Zogby Poll
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/Ma6OABMYpF 
"National Black Republican Association Endorses Donald J. Trump" #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/9IPw30G5OG 
New Reuters poll! Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
The dying National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary! 
Wow! This might be my highest # yet! Thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective &amp; have been for years! 
After spending $89 million, is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. He is ashamed to use the name "Bush" in ads. Low energy guy! 
The failing National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate 
Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated, "Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President." Big problem 
#TedCruz eligibility to be President not settled law, says Cruz' Constitutional Law Professor, #LaurenceTribe 
Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain, but without it we wouldn't have roads, highways, airports, schools or even pipelines. 
The late, great, William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize, the dying National Review! 
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead. 
National Review is a failing publication that has lost it's way. It's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad! 
Thank you, Iowa! #FITN #IACaucus
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Why does have a fired Bushy like dummy, John Sununu on- spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot, she wants no part of Trump. 
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you, New Hampshire!
#Trump2016 
Thank you! #Trump2016 
Thank you, Iowa! #Trump2016 
Happy birthday to my friend, the great - a totally special guy! 
New Day on CNN treats me very badly. is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore. 
Low energy candidate has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax! 
Sad sack has just done another ad on me, with special interest money, saying I won't beat Hillary - I WILL. But he can't beat me. 
So sad that and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
UNIFYING THE NATION
Video: 
Wacko is a sad answer to the endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing, crying, lost soul! 
New CNN/WMUR New Hampshire poll just released. Thank you! #FITN #Trump2016 
Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN
#Trump2016 #NHPolitics 
Thank you, Florida! #Trump2016 
15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k, but we are coming back soon to take care of them! So much love in the crowd! Thanks! 
Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now with to Tulsa- massive crowd expected! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
LIFE CHANGING EXPERIENCE
Video: 
I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palin's endorsement tonight. 
Video: 
Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Establishment:
https://t.co/gEhfZ3NAhi 
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ECONOMY - VIDEO: 
Wow, the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that "Ted Cruz must be defeated." Big shoker! People do not like Ted. 
A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Wayne's daughter....read: 
In the just released SC poll I increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm. Up by 14! Cruz dropped 3. 
Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University, yesterday- 
Thank you Georgia! I appreciate all of your support. #Trump2016 
.@FreeJesseJames- Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy &amp; I really appreciate your words &amp; support. I will see you soon! 
On my way to Iowa- just received new national poll numbers. Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories. 
.@tedcruz Conflicting Stances on Birthright Citizenship [14th Amendment] Gives #TeamTrump credit. 
Wow, new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck! 
.@TheBrodyFile great job on Thank you for the very smart and kind words! 
".@TheBrodyFile Exclusive: Says He Will Protect Evangelicals Better Than #CBNNews #2016" 
I don't think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt! 
Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks! 
I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd, unbelievable people! Thank you Jerry and Becki! 
We launched a new series of #Trump2016 videos via Facebook. A new topic everyday! Watch: 
A great morning with everyone Thank you! Off to New Hampshire now. #Trump2016 
https://t.co/XUWGANbq8k 
Leaving for Liberty University. I'll be speaking today in front of a record crowd. #Trump2016 
Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us #Obamacare. 
Thank you for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many. NH &amp; IA radio ad: 
I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money, not controlled. Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses. 
Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S., or we won't have a country anymore! 
Big announcement in Ames, Iowa on Tuesday! You will not want to miss this rally! #Trump2016 
Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from U.S., rather Airbus! 
In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion, 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others! 
Interesting read from Peggy Noonan. 
Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about &amp; demeaning? 
Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions, $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul, &amp; $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite 
Departing NH now- great morning with record crowd in Portsmouth- in a snow storm! Thank you! 
Greatly dishonest of to file a financial disclosure form &amp; not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St 
When will give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him. 
Everybody that loves the people of New York, and all they have been thru, should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics! 
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage? 
Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money, does another for votes. 
https://t.co/hxdfy0mjVw 
Great new numbers. Thank you! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/Z1lQdxQvRL 
Ted Cruz purposely, and illegally, did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him! 
Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a "natural born Canadian," did he borrow unreported loans from C banks? 
Oh no, just reported that Ted Cruz didn't report another loan, this one from Citi. Wow, no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate. 
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember, his wife's employer, and his lender, is located there! 
Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer! 
Ted Cruz said he "didn't know" that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable 
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so 
More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders, we must be vigilant and smart. No more being politically correct. 
.@FrankLuntz is a total clown. Has zero credibility! 
.@oreillyfactor please explain to the very dumb and failing that I supported John McCain big league in 2008, not Obama! 
Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon! 
.@GeraldoRivera Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on tonight. You are a true champion! Thank - great guy! 
Jusr watched #HarveyPitt on - he was great! 
Top searched candidate by state, as seen in the #GOPDebate media filing center. WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush. 
Jeb Bush, who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero, just got Graham endorsement. Graham quit at O. 
WSJ/NBC Poll: Donald Trump Widens His Lead in Republican Presidential Race. #Trump2016 
Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated. 
.@TheBrodyFile: "Trump's appeal to evangelicals is real" #Trump2016 
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Won't be that way if I win! 
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures &amp; images. We are weak. I will NOT forget! 
Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails virtually everything he touches. Romney campaign,his book,etc. Why does put him on? 
Why does &amp; waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist, Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show? 
.@EricTrump- unbelievable job on #FoxNews with That was better than I could do! #Trump2016 
THANK YOU! #VoteTrump 
https://t.co/y7pnMqCs7j 
THANK YOU, IOWA! Highly respected poll just released. #VoteTrump #IowaCaucus 
Thank you! #VoteTrump
https://t.co/g7eeySMUdl 
My nomination would increase voter turnout. #VoteTrump 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/6kjCaStCjG 
Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue! 
Thank you for your support last night, Iowa! #VoteTrump #Trump2016 #IACaucus #FITN #IAPolitics 
Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them, ridiculously, billions of dollars. Don't release money. We want our hostages back NOW! 
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters! 
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring, rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast! 
Just found out that is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice, but OK! New polls are great. 
The #SOTU speech is really boring, slow, lethargic - very hard to watch! 
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. #SOTU 
New CBS poll. #Trump2016
https://t.co/sFPRHHeLbd 
Another new Iowa poll just released. Thank you! #IACaucus #FITN 
Such a serious problem for Ted &amp; the GOP. Great doubt, Dems will sue! Let's all work together to solve this problem. 
On my way to Cedar Falls, Iowa, now. Will be great--I love the people of Iowa! 
THANK YOU! #Trump2016 
The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy! 
.@stuartpstevens horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Don't blame Mitt! Now Stevens can't get a job! 
Fantastic job on tonight. is a winner! 
Don't forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful at 11:30 P.M. You will not be disappointed! 
Face The Nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW! 
.@MajorCBS Major Garrett of covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda, bad reporter! 
Thank you Michael Harrison for your kind words - greatly appreciated! 
Will be on with on at 11:35pmE. Enjoy! #Trump2016 
New Iowa poll. Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
.@RinglingBros is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same. 
Congratulations to of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you! 
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my supporters!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
So professional of news to throw out the failing newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive, highly unethical! 
Great job on Fox this morning I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much! 
Congratulations to my friend on winning a #GoldenGlobe. A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved! 
Why does w/ allow a hater &amp; racist like to waste good airtime? can do much better than him! 
Thank you to our law enforcement officers! #LESM #Trump2016 
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters, try getting a new publisher! 
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't worthy of representing the great people NH. 
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed. 
I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate. 
Remember, get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch... 
Heading now for Reno, Nevada, for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over! 
In the just out Poll, I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havn't even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding! 
I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday! 
Will be on Meet the Press with tomorrow morning. Enjoy! 
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in! 
I'm protesting the from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved! 
(2/2) David brilliantly tells it like it is -- the real deal! Read it! 
https://t.co/9n5CCrefKn 
(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had. 
Thank you so much. Earnest must have been a great person. 
.@JonahNRO, watched on and appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you. 
Thank you, Chris Cillizza. It is a true person of character that can change his opinion &amp; do what is right. 
Constitutional law expert #Laurence Tribe of Harvard says "wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isn't settled). 
South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it! 
Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on - way to go Pat, way ahead of your time! 
Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- 5,000 turned away. Thank you for coming! 
Will be at venue, in wonderful South Carolina, very soon. Big traffic back-up, tremendous crowd! Will be wild. 
#FoxNews Poll - THANK YOU!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it! 
Not good news for Jeb Bush 
Hank Greenberg, formerly of AIG, gave $10 million to the campaign 3 months ago. He is not happy, a total waste of money! 
Great time in Burlington, Vermont. Crowd was amazing. 
We could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. The movement to Make America Great Again is unbelievable! 
I'm leaving now for Burlington, Vermont. It will be wild! 
Joy Behar, who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings, is even worse on We love Barbara! 
The once great when headed by is now in total freefall. Whoopi Goldberg is terrible. Very sad! 
Hillary and her friends! 
Weak &amp; ineffective is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising! 
I have an idea for whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it! 
.@SenTedCruz Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now &amp; seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win! 
Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early! 
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART! 
I will be in beautiful Burlington, Vermont, tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted! 
.@Macys was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&amp;P last year, plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott. 
The failing newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid, how desperate! 
Do you believe that in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them, just received: 
I will be on for a interview today. Please join us 5PM ET. 
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come, first serve. Arrive early! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son, Very proud of you!
https://t.co/ZHMKIqnUwL 
Germany is going through massive attacks to its people by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK! 
I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support! 
The rally in Lowell, Massachusetts, was amazing. 10,000 people going wild. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I look forward to being in Lowell, Massachusetts, today. I hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun! 
By the way, Hillary &amp; the MSM forgot to mention that Hillary is in the 
Al-Shabaab terror video. 
The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch. 
Iran, with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama, has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia &amp; their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT! 
.@RuthMarcus of the was terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus, poor level of concentration-but correct on Hillary lying 
.@chucktodd said today on that "attacking Bill to get to Hillary has never worked before." Wrong - attacked him in '08 &amp; won! 
Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch. 
Thank you for your support in Biloxi, MS! Let's ALL get out &amp; VOTE in 2016, so we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Hillary said that guns don't keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm! 
Al-Shabbab, not ISIS, just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner &amp; if I speak out against them, which I must. Hillary lied! 
Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate. 
Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening. 
Thank you #Biloxi, #Mississippi! Remember this night &amp; spread the word to get out &amp; #VoteTrump2016! 
Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening! 
Heading to Biloxi, Mississippi. Massive crowds expected. Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump2016 
Remember, I am self-funding my campaign, the only one in either party. I'm not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U.S.A.! 
When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates, beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$! 
I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women! 
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual, but Hillary is not much better! 
Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant! 
.@JebBush is a low energy "stiff" who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance! 
.@JebBush is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family, he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads! 
Massive crowds expected in Mississippi tomorrow night. Look forward to it! 2015 IN PHOTOS: 
#VoteTrump2016 &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! THANK YOU for your support! 
Thank you so much to for naming me the 2015 Man of the Year. This is indeed a great honor for me! 
The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped! 
I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it. 
Well, the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around! 
Happy New Year from #MarALago! Thank you to my great family for all of their support. 
#HappyNewYearAmerica! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR &amp; THANK YOU! 
I will be on live, with members of my family, at 11:50 P.M. We will ring in the New Year together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO, FINALLY, MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Do you believe that The State Department, on NEW YEAR'S EVE, just released more of Hillary's e-mails. They just want it all to end. BAD! 
THANK YOU ILLINOIS! Let's not forget to get family &amp; friends- out to VOTE IN 2016! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son, Very proud of you! #TBT 
I would feel sorry for and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $'s of hit ads on me 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
People ask, "why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about when he is so low in the polls?" Because of his big $ hit ads on me! 
.@JebBush has spent $63,000,000 and is at the bottom of the polls. I have spent almost nothing and am at the top. WIN! 
A GREAT day in South Carolina. Record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. This is now a movement to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I predict that dying newspaper, which has been run into the ground by publisher "Stinky" Joe McQuaid, will be dead in 2 years! 
A lovely letter from the daughter of the late great John Wayne. Our country could use a John Wayne right now. 
Great poll- thank you Nevada!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
I'm going to be live with and to ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in to tomorrow night! 
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina! #Trump2016 
I never thought I'd be saying this but I've really enjoyed on television lately, and he was terrific hosting 
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) is desperately trying to sell the It's a loser, and my comments haven't helped him much. 
The dying newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out! 
Iowa was fantastic last night, amazing crowd and people. I'm now in Florida, getting ready to go to South Carolina. Big crowd, very exciting 
.@CharlesHurt You were great on last night. Thanks for the nice words. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
THANK YOU Council Bluffs, Iowa! The silent majority, is silent no more!
#Trump2016 #FITN 
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader wanted ads, lunches, donations, speeches from me, and tweets---very unethical. 
The great people of New Hampshire, who I love, are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper. 
Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didn't do his failed debate! 
I hope does better for Rubio than he did at the #Benghazi hearings, which were a total disaster for Republicans &amp; America! 
We need a real President! 
Looking forward to being in Council Bluffs, Iowa, later today. Despite weather, rally is on -- will be fantastic! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
So, I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. Jeb Bush has spent $59 million &amp; done. Run country my way! 
My campaign for president is $35,000,000 under budget, I have spent very little (and am in 1st place).Now I will spend big in Iowa/N.H./S.C. 
"Minorities line up behind.....Donald Trump" #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
.@jessebwatters is terrific at hosting on - he really gets it! 
Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in 2008. He was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist! 
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#NHPolitics #FITN 
Thank you! #Trump2016 
https://t.co/dTL7uybyeH 
Thank you to a #Trump2016 supporter for this video of my campaign- over the past 6 months. Video: 
Strange, but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because I'm lowering taxes, while he will double &amp; triple them, a disaster! 
Wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our leaders.We need smart and strong leadership now! 
Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. We now are part time, sad! I WILL FIX! 
The middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no effective raise in years. BAD 
If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong! 
Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginia's Republican Party. FAST! 
Straighten out The Republican Party of Virginia before it is too late. Stupid! RNC 
.@BernieSanders-who blew his campaign when he gave Hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that I feel wages in America are too high. Lie! 
The voters the Republican Party of Virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. The Dems LOVE IT! Be smart and win for a change! 
R.P.Virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. Will now not allow desperately needed new voters. Suicidal mistake. RNC MUST ACT NOW! 
It begins, Republican Party of Virginia, controlled by the RNC, is working hard to disallow independent, unaffiliated and new voters. BAD! 
I will do far more for women than Hillary, and I will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina! 
Thank you! #Trump2016
https://t.co/CE9f0mukFm 
Hillary Clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but HE'S DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT FOR SEXISM, so inappropriate! 
A new terror warning was issued for European cties. At what point do we say we have had enough and get really tough and smart. Weak leaders! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Story: 
Criminal deportations in the U.S. are the lowest number in many years. We are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. MUST CHANGE! 
The Phoenix V.A., it has just been reported, is in worse shape than ever before. The wait is horrendous, and people are dying. I will fix it 
The same people that said I wouldn't run, or that I wouldn't lead or do well (1st place and leading by 21%), now say I won't beat Hillary. 
.@chucktodd is so dishonest in his reporting...and to think he was going off the air until I came along-no ratings. I will beat Hillary! 
just announced that TRUMP was #1 story of 2015. Totally meaningless, however, if we don't WIN IT ALL and Make America Great Again! 
When will the Democrats, and Hillary in particular, say "we must build a wall, a great wall, and Mexico is going to pay for it?" Never! 
Our great VETERANS are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the V.A. That will stop, I will fix this quickly! 
Remember when failed candidate said that illegals came across the border as AN ACT OF LOVE? He's spent $59 million and is at 3%. 
We have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Does everyone see that the Democrats and President Obama are now, because of me, starting to deport people who are here illegally. Politics! 
.@deedeesorvino was GREAT today on She gets what is going on in politics, and sees it very clearly. Have her on more! 
Merry Christmas to all. Have a great day and have a really amazing year. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It will be done! 
.@danielhalper Great job on today. Very wise indeed! 
.@HallieJackson Why didn't you report Hillary lying about the ISIS video. Bad reporting. Perhaps will do better next year-but doubt it! 
I am now in Palm Beach, Florida, and will be going to church tonight. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
.@meetthepress and very dishonest in not showing the new Poll where I am at 39%, 21points higher than Cruz. Be honest Chuck! 
Why isn't using the much newer Poll when discussing how well I am doing instead of the older Q Poll? CNN even better! 
Wow, because of the pressure put on by me, ICE TO LAUNCH LARGE SCALE DEPORTATION RAIDS. It's about time! 
Next year will be an interesting one. I look forward to running against Hillary Clinton, a totally flawed candidate, and beating her soundly 
Third rate reporters Amy Chozick and Maggie Haberman of the failing are totally in the Hillary circle of bias. Think about Bill! 
Wow, even lowly Rand Paul has just past in the new Poll. Jeb is at 3%, I'm at 39%. Stop throwing your money down the drain! 
In the ridiculous ad about me, Jeb is speaking to me during the debate, but doesn't allow my answer, which destroys him - SO SAD! 
Poor spent $50 million on his campaign, I spent almost nothing. He's bottom (and gone), I'm top (by a lot). That's what U.S. needs! 
A great Christmas movie &amp; perfect #TBT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Story: 
Hillary said "I really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign." I deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity 
Merry Christmas &amp; Happy Holidays!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/XIVw5LdTqv 
Hillary, when you complain about "a penchant for sexism," who are you referring to. I have great respect for women. BE CAREFUL! 
It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media. New Poll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. Lead 
Why does give so much airtime. He (and other Fox pundits) is so biased. Still thinks Romney won. Unfair coverage of Trump 
.@FoxNews treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just out Poll. All negative! 
The which is the lobbyist (power) for not imposing taxes on #Amazon, today did a nasty cartoon attacking kids. Bad 
The silent majority- is silent no more! Remember the importance of VOTING!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
The Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you America! Together- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Big news just out - NEW POLL TRUMP 39 and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ 18 CARSON 10 RUBIO 10 
We need a PRESIDENT with strength, stamina, heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again! 
It is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad! 
When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama, it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Wow, new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 37 CRUZ 11 This is at the top of Drudge! 
For those on TV defending my use of the word "schlonged," bc #MSM is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest #MSM 
NPR's said "schlonged" to WaPo re: 1984 Mondale/Ferraro campaign: "That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls." #Hypocrisy 
Once again, #MSM is dishonest. "Schlonged" is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got "schlonged" that meant beaten badly. 
Jeb's big ad buy against me, paid for by lobbyists, shows my face but doesn't have me answering Jeb's statements. He is really pathetic! 
Watching and consider to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased! 
Women defy media narrative, love Trump at packed Michigan rally.
VIDEO: 
.@JebBush's opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around, incoherent. 
Why doesn't in his ads, show my answer to his statement in the debate? 
Will in his phony advertising campaign, show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate? 
.@JebBush just took millions of $'s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. Will never work! 
Weak and low energy whose campaign is a disaster, is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy. 
Video from Michigan last night. After asking for months, the media panned their cameras! 
THANK YOU America! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you - Michigan!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you - New Hampshire!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/VlGF418r2x 
THANK YOU Grand Rapids, Michigan! Time to end political correctness &amp; secure our homeland! 
thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated! 
Getting ready to leave for Michigan - will be an amazing evening! See you there. 
Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about "the video" of me being used by ISIS. There is no video. 
Thanks for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work! 
A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter! 
It's the Democrats' total weakness &amp; incompetence that gave rise to ISIS -- not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie! 
Phyllis Schlafly: Trump is 'last hope for America' 
Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again! 
Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18,000,000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6,700,000. And they were on major network vs. cable! 
Hillary said with respect to ISIS, "we are finally where we need to be." Do we want 4 more years of incompetent leadership? MAGA! 
I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video. 
Hillary said at debate ISIS is "going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst." She made up story-want apology! 
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened! 
.@JebBush today said he didn't want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. That is the talk of a loser, can't win! 
Great poll out of Illinois! Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
.@MissUniverse final 3 on now. Great people, great new owner WATCH. 
My friend, of bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #Fox! Tune in! 
It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential! 
Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore, Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD! 
.@JebBush was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case! 
We need a #POTUS with great strength &amp; stamina. Hillary does not have that.
#Trump2016 
Hillary Clinton lied when she said that "ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool." This was fact checked by FALSE 
.@GStephanopoulos stupidly believes that Hillary wants to run against me because she said so. She says that so people believe it - opposite! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you America! post-debate poll with +/- from previous poll. #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint, and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747. 
See, Sanders backed Hillary on E-mails at the debate, hurting himself, and then she threw him under the bus (but failed). Disloyal person! 
Another new post-debate poll. 
THANK YOU! #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you for all of your support! Most importantly - we need to get everyone out to VOTE! #VoteTrump2016 
The last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock! 
.@JebBush has embarrassed himself &amp; his family with his incompetent campaign for President. He should remain true to himself. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/PUGaxGCASM 
Weak &amp; ineffective is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising! 
As I have been saying. Only the beginning: "ISIS Suspects Arrested in Turkey, 150 European Passports Seized." 
New Reuters poll - thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#ISIS is making $400M/year on oil. I have been saying it for years. We need to bomb the oil! 
There is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as #POTUS. #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be in Cedar Rapids,IA this Saturday. Get your tickets-https://t.co/QcqOsG3jqo 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Will be on in 20 minutes on #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
.@GlennBeck got fired like a dog by #Fox. The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant. 
I will be doing tonight at 8:00pmE from Mesa, Arizona - will be talking about the #GOPDebate &amp; more. 
Will be on tonight at 11:35pmE on #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Clear winner of the #GOPDebate. Thank you for your support! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength, no stamina. 
Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now he'll probably take some of his special interest money, he is their puppet, and buy ad's. 
Thank you for the nice words The debate was interesting, and fun. Keep up the great work! 
Will be interviewed on the tonight at 8:00 P.M. Will be talking about the debate, and more! 
Bill O'Reilly calls Trump and campaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points. 
.@MarkHalperin works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. Others do, and those are the people you want to follow! 
Thank you for your nice words this morning on It was a good night! 
Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting! 
Thank you, - for saying I was a winner tonight. It is my great honor. #Trump2016 
We're not talking about religion; we're talking about security. #GOPDebate
https://t.co/OhI1qXEOzC 
#GOPDebate #Trump2016
https://t.co/czHzN0QkQN 
Departing for #GOPDebate. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you! 
New PPP poll just released in Iowa- up 6 points from last poll. Leading w/ 28%! Don't worry - media won't report it! 
.@ConradMBlack, what an honor to read your piece. As one of the truly great intellects &amp; my friend, I won't forget! 
#TheRemembranceProject
https://t.co/zMW0mkkFEg 
. #JoeTheismann was great as a political analyst on He knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe! 
I won every debate so far according to all debate polls including and more. Too bad dopey lies! 
Between Iraq war monger dummy deadpan highly overrated among others, not fair! 
I am in Trump International Hotel, Las Vegas, getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward - hope I get treated fairly! 
I wonder if and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad! 
.@megynkelly is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14. 
.@megynkelly, the most overrated anchor at worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15! 
Why isn't anyone using the Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest press 
Isn't it amazing that paid a fortune for an Iowa Poll, which shows me in first place over Cruz by 13%, 33% to 20% - then doesn't use it 
Wow, I just had two very good Iowa polls and a phenomenal just out National Poll from - 38%. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/yohiKUsL3V 
What an evening in Las Vegas, Nevada! THANK YOU for your continued support. #Trump2016 
horrible defense of me against highly overrated I will bring more people into the party &amp; easily beat Hillary! 
Why doesn't use the #CNN Iowa poll? 
Thank you Great work on #Trump2016 
Thank you for your nice words. They are very much appreciated. I fully understand that you really get it. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/yjAIiFuVWm 
Can't believe Major League Baseball just rejected for the Hall of Fame. He's paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in! 
.@scottienhughes - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the #GOPDebate. 
.@PatrickBuchanan was great on Thank you Pat! #Tump2016 
Thank you nice! #Trump2016 
https://t.co/cgdLz26mdA 
Another great accolade for Highly respected Golf Odyssey- awarded Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you! 
Record of Health: #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/vqrkZwc2ae 
Why doesn't quote the new Iowa Poll where I have a 33% to 20% lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it! 
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems! 
I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back, get caught, and then deny it. Well, welcome to the wonderful world of politics! 
I did interview with Chris Wallace of in order to be fair. He then puts on Rove, Lane and Will, three Trump bashers, to discuss. 
Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry, home of The Duel In The Sun, will be the worlds best after the renovation. 
A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice! 
.@danawhite Great job last night - very exciting! You have come a long way from those difficult early days, I am proud of you. 
People that have read it tell me that book is terrible (and boring). Save your money! should can him, no credibility! 
Chris Wallace at 10:00 A.M. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/UB7Fx7A835 
.@CNN at 9:00 A.M. 
.@Peggynoonannyc An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M. 
.@Peggynoonannyc Interesting article, but I will beat Hillary easily. People that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me! 
Something must be done with dopey - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Don't fall for it, Karl is a loser 
I will be interviewed on at 9:00 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:O0 A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead! 
I will be on CNN's - State of the Union tomorrow morning at 9amE. 
New CNN Iowa poll --- Trump 33, Cruz 20. Everyone else way down! Don't trust Des Moines Register poll- biased towards Trump! 
Thank you General. #Trump2016 
A great afternoon. Thank you South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Reports say #ISIS now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. I told you so. 
John Podesta says nominee will be Cruz b/c last person Hillary wants to face is Trump! Use your head folks! 46-41! 
Getting the support of of UFC means a lot. A total winner, who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight! 
.@Franklin_Graham, so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me, thank you! Heading to big crowd in South Carolina! 
Thank you! #Trump2016
https://t.co/0DA5isXMRz 
I will be interviewed on at 8:00 A.M. So much to talk about! 
.@loudobbsnews did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both! 
Just got back from Iowa, great people! 
I had a great time in Des Moines, Iowa tonight! Thank you for all of the support. #Trump2016 
.@MonicaCrowley you were great with on tonight. Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe. 
Thank you &amp; #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you! We are at 35% in new Reuters poll with #2 coming in at 12%. Time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#Trump2016 
I will not let you down! 
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/3bbHsaGSUm 
Tom Ridge is a failed 'Bushy' &amp; PA Governor. Him &amp; his friend shouldn't be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens! 
Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. I will win! 
Never get good #'s from failing Des Moines Register/Bloomberg. I think something's going on w/them. Up 13 in IA according to respected CNN. 
Great news in Georgia! The just out Landmark poll shows me in first with 43%! Wow. 
Our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great Turnberry resort in Scotland. 
.@chucktodd is a nice guy , but just hopeless. He knows so little about politics and, in particular, winning! I fixed his rating problem. 
.@Morning_Joe just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out, waste of time 
.@tedcruz should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses, he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way! 
Looks like is getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so, he will fall like all others. Will be easy! 
.@Morning_Joe is so off on Iowa, which I am leading big in new poll. I will win Iowa. Also, I beat Hillary easily! 
Great evening last night in New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big territory, great people! Thank you. 
.@BernardGoldberg was not good tonight on He just doesn't know about winning! But he is a nice guy. 
Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40! 
In Britain, more Muslims join ISIS than join the British army.
https://t.co/LQVNz7b2Eb 
Thank you to I have always appreciated your courage, but now more so than ever! 
An honor to be endorsed by the New England Police Benevolent Association. Thank you! 
"Why Franklin Graham says Donald Trump is right about stopping Muslim immigration" 
Establishment flunky is going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary. 
Dummy continues to make and write false statements. He still thinks Romney won--he should get a life! 
Thank you for your support! Being #PoliticallyCorrect will NOT #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
The politicians of the U.K. should watch Katie Hopkins of Daily on Many people in the U.K. agree with me! 
Thank you to respected columnist Katie Hopkins of Daily for her powerful writing on the U.K.'s Muslim problems. 
The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening, very sad! Be honest. 
I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with at a later date after I become President of the U.S. 
Our VISA system is broken, like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I will be interviewed on this morning at 7:30. So much to talk about! 
Wow, my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof! 
.@Megynkelly spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird, she's being driven crazy! 
Weak and totally conflicted people like shouldn't be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock! 
Great interview tonight - very professionally done. 
Thank you for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been Magazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time! 
Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas: 
Why does bore their audience with people like a totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone! 
.@secupp, who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly, is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch, zero talent! 
.@donlemon on at 10:00 P.M. 
Thank you for all of your support, South Carolina! #Trump2016 
I am interviewed on the tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00, I am interviewed by on Enjoy! 
"Carter Banned Iranians From Coming To U.S. During Hostage Crisis" 
Thank you you finally get it! 
Thank you, Piers, they don't know what they're getting into. 
.@Mayor_Nutter of Philadelphia, who is doing a terrible job, should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life! 
"Rupert Murdoch Defends Trump: 'Complete Refugee Pause' Makes Sense' " 
I told you Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany 
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble! 
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump! 
The failing does not mention the new Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman, sad! 
Great poll numbers just coming out of New Hampshire. BIG lead for "Trump" according to 
Wow, what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S. 
Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart, and very tough, FAST, before it is too late! 
Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II, I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false report. 
Prior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it. 
Great new poll from NH. Thank you! We need to keep this country safe! #Trump2016 
Will be on News tonight at 6:30. Interviewed by the legendary Enjoy 
The legendary will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on at 6:30 PM. 
A very big poll is coming out at 6 PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results. 
A new poll indicates that 68% of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP &amp; ran as an independent. 
I wish the Wall Street Journal had reported the just out Iowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin,13 points, going up big! 
Just won IOWA Poll BIG: Trump 33% Cruz 20% Rubio 11%, but reported "Cruz momentum" but nothing about the fact that I easily won! 
Thank you for the support, South Carolina! #USSYorktown 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in SC. #Trump2016 
Just released Poll gives me a big 13 point lead in Iowa. Change your false story failing Thank you Iowa! 
The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- I believe #ISIS needs to surrender! 
On my way to Charleston/Mount Pleasant, South Carolina. Big crowd. Look forward to it! #USSYorktown 
Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration: 
Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred &amp; danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant! 
Thank you Iowa! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you! 
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that! 
Today we honor the fallen at #PearlHarbor, 74 years ago today. If you see a vet today, thank them! 
#RememberOurVets 
Poor doesn't have what it takes- 
"Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI" 
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift! 
If ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The scam is saving it! 
The loses money (a deduction) and gives owner power to screw public on low taxation of Big tax shelter 
The which loses a fortune, is owned by for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, 
N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets, the homeless and crime! Disgrace 
I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group, many friends, in D.C. I said "I'm a negotiator like you" Got standing O-rated best of day! 
Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling? 
Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS &amp; W.R. 
Well, Obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS. 
Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying). 
Wish Obama would say ISIS, like almost everyone else, rather than ISIL. 
Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST! 
Hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment! 
The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good, but the words will be the key. 
Hillary won't call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated. 
I will be re-tweeting some of your better, most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. Make them good (great)! Important stuff. 
BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SPEECH AT 7:50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM! 
Gee, with was getting terrible ratings then, with me, he set records - I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice! 
May the Festival of Lights bring our Jewish friends from around the world, health &amp; happiness! Happy Hanukkah! 
I have been saying it for sometime now!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Order my book CRIPPLED AMERICA for your holiday gifts. I will be signing books for the next two weeks! 
Thank you America! Together, we will all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 
Wow, said some very nice things about me today on with Chris Wallace. I am making progress, thanks George! 
I will be live-tweeting President Obama's prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems? 
.@BrookslawBrooks Thank you so much for your nice words. I will make you look very smart! 
So, how did I do on Face The Nation? 
Watch Face The Nation - will be on now! 
Hillary just said that she will not use the term "radical Islamic" - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of Obama &amp; the e-mails! 
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation at 10:30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY! 
Was going to do a phoner this morning with on but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week. 
Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST? 
.@KatyTurNBC &amp; should be fired for dishonest reporting. Thank you for reporting the truth. #Trump2016 
you copied incompetent incorrect story. I'm sure you would like to apologize to me on show. Thank you for the courtesy. 
.@KatyTurNBC, 3rd rate reporter &amp; CBS lied. Finished in normal manner&amp;signed autos for 20min. Dishonest! 
A great day in both Spencer &amp; Davenport, Iowa! THANK YOU for the support! #Trump2016 #FITN #IAPolitics 
Re CRIPPLED AMERICA -- I am signing books for the next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts! 
Done by a real fan! #TRUMP 
https://t.co/R7fzPgcwmx 
Raleigh, North Carolina, was fantastic last night. Such incredible spirit. We all want to, and will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
A great night in Raleigh, North Carolina! THANK YOU! #Trump2016 
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts. 
Good news, disloyal stock is in a total free fall. Don't shop there for Christmas! 
Congratulations, Chuck. Must be wonderful to have Donald Trump as your guest --- #BeCool! #Trump2016
https://t.co/9BxQGTb5m2 
A total refutation of the disgraceful David Brooks column in the failing by the 
https://t.co/WbToL9lqD3 

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
.@JRubinBlogger one of the dumber bloggers only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. She is in love with Marco Rubio? 
.@marthamaccallum Martha, great interview with my son -- smart, tough &amp; professional. Thank you! 
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts: 
The virtually incompetent Republican Strategist who has had a failed career, Cheri Jacobus, is incoherent with anger that her puppets died! 
.@CNN &amp; Please thank Alisyn Camerota, David Chalian and John King for the very professional reporting of the new CNN Poll. 
.@CNN Poll just came out, amazing numbers for those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 36%, a 20 point lead over 2nd place. Thanks. 
.@MarkHalperin I totaly won the RJC meeting yesterday. Know many members who said "not even close." Only FULL standing O. But don't want $'s 
Watch my live book signing now! 
I invite you to join my campaign to Make America Great Again! Sign up to Volunteer! 
Purchase your copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA now &amp; be on potential call list for my live streaming signing event tonite. 
Thank you!! #Trump2016 
https://t.co/EjZTiQyQCW 
Thank you, New Hampshire! Great people -- see you next week! 
Via 
Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget, ahead of schedule! 
It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility. 
Thank you so much for the wonderful article, Robert Davi. 
Thank you! Vote in 2016! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you! #Trump2016 
CRIPPLED AMERICA is the perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me at 7:30pm, live streaming! 
Why can't get better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest! 
Loved being in Manassas, VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech, will then visit Old Post Office under construction. 
CRIPPLED AMERICA is perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me tonite live streaming 7:30 
 
As a presidential candidate, I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue, within two weeks, a full medical report-it will show perfection 
I consider my health, stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes! 
Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due. 
Heading to Manassas, Virginia, for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad! 
#TeamTrump. Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police 
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA is the ultimate gift. Order now &amp; join my live streaming book signing on 12/3 
California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated! 
Thank you CBS &amp; Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many, many witnesses. 
#Trump2016 
I beat Hillary in the new Poll head to head. SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA, both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
LIVE on #Periscope: Live with the Donald 
Join me at 2:00pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - via Facebook &amp; Periscope! 
Illegal immigrant children, non-Mexicans surge across border at record rate 
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm. 
I WILL BE ON AT 7:30 -NOW! 
The truth continues to come out after 14 years. A truth that many in the media did not want to tell. #Trump2016
https://t.co/AtuacgxOW1 
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Another packed venue! Will be fun. 
You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record, almost all polls showed I won all debates. 
Highly untalented Wash Post blogger, Jennifer Rubin, a real dummy, never writes fairly about me. Why does Wash Post have low IQ people? 
Order a signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm 
What is Obama thinking? 
Curtis Sliwa - doing tv commentary on 9/13/2001. Good job Curtis. Please send your apologies to 
Look at the editorial I was just sent from the NY Post on 9/14/01 - 3 days after collapse of WTC. Any apologies? 
Jamiel Shaw was incredible on this morning. His son, who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant, is so proud of pop! 
I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people! 
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA makes a great gift. Order &amp; join my live streaming book signing event on 12/3 
A great night in Macon, Georgia! Thank you for all of the support. Together, we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing 12/3 
Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech! 
We need a great leader- now! 
We better be vigilant, careful, and strong. 
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ, which is deeply troubled, when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy! 
Wow, the MSM is really going after me. 12,000 in Sarasota, a love fest, hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives! 
When will get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis, who doesn't have a clue! Others bad also. 
Great job on You made kooky Cokie Roberts and look even dumber than they are. You will be right! 
After my meeting with the pastors, it's off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there, a beautiful movement! 
Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event. 
Just watched Cookie Roberts on Her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. Just another sad case 
.@CNN has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring 
I will be on in an interview with on Sunday morning. So much to talk about! 
The Sarasota, Florida, rally today was amazing. 12,000 people chanting their love for our country. It's going to happen, this is a MOVEMENT! 
.@CNN Kayleigh McEnany was great on you network today. You should have her on more often! Thank you Kayleigh for your nice words. 
Sarasota was an unbelievable success. We expected 5,000, a record, but 12,000 showed up! Great love in the air! 
We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota earlier &amp; will be landing soon! See you there. #Trump2016 
Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota 
The reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. I don't know what he looks like and don't know him! 
I will be going to Sarasota, Florida, today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Pollster Trend 
National GOP Average
223 national polls &amp; 33 pollsters.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
The failing should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. Yesterday 3 boring articles, today2! 
I do not know the reporter for the or what he looks like. I was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago! 
Great new poll numbers! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016 

Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The numbers at the are so dismal, especially advertising revenue, that big help will be needed fast. A once great institution-SAD! 
So, since the people at the have made all bad decisions over the last decade, why do people care what they write. Incompetent! 
The dopes at the bought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquarters-gave it away! So dumb 
The is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble! 
The failing should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on Donald Trump! 
Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI
https://t.co/UICDNcftJS via 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
I LIVE IN NEW JERSEY &amp; IS RIGHT: MUSLIMS DID CELEBRATE ON 9/11 HERE! WE SAW IT! 
Thank you for your continued support!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
just totally bombed on has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser! Fox should dump Rove. 
South Carolina was so great last night. Will be back soon! 
Why would use as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. He still thinks Romney won. An establishment dope! 
Myrtle Beach, South Carolina 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
A wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd, amazing energy! 
New national poll released. Thank you America! #Trump2016 
Thank you for your nice words for the nice words on with Chris Wallace. #FNS #Trump2016 
What is Frank VanderSloot getting for agreeing to back Marco Rubio? Last victim was Mitt Romney - see how that turned out. 
.@BradPaisley came up to see me. A really nice and talented guy. 
Will be doing at 10 PM on As always with Sean, will be interesting! 
Republicans must stop relying on losers like if they want to start winning presidential elections. Be tough and get smart! 
Just left Columbus rally of 14,000 people --- a far bigger crowd than even I expected! Unbelievable evening, incredible spirit in the arena! 
Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about! 
Going to Ohio, home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Can't debate, loves #ObamaCare--dummy! 
Via 9/18/01. I want an apology! Many people have tweeted that I am right! 
When you do your Christmas shopping remember how disloyal was to the subject of illegal immigration. #BoycottMacys #DumpMacys 
Hillary, there is nothing to laugh about- 
Going to Columbus, Ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. The silent majority is no longer silent! 
.@MatthewJDowd thank you for the nice comments recently, especially on My family &amp; I greatly appreciate your kind words. 
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at! 
Great poll numbers! Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS, and get tough now, or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy! 
13 Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it? WE NEED THE WALL! 
Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you! 
Big new Poll to be announced at 9:00 A.M. on This Week with I will be interviewed on show! 
.@GStephanopoulos just announced that I am leading BIG in the new Poll which will be shown on This Week at 9:00 A.M. I will be on show 
Will be interviewed on at 8:00 A.M. 
I find that is a far more professional operation than 
.ccolvinj is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage. 
.@heytana, great job - we are all proud of you! 
Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!
#LEO #LESM #Trump2016 
Thank you for a great afternoon Birmingham, Alabama! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
It's too bad so few people showed up to Family Leader dinner. Next year I'll try &amp; be there- and they'll have a huge crowd! 
Thank you John Nolte for 
wonderful analysis &amp; reporting. 
Rumor has it - Pataki, Kasich, &amp; Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope it's not true, they're so easy to beat! 
So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you 
https://t.co/IGUh57zOJz 
A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me. 
Heading to Birmingham, Alabama, and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild. 
To show you how politicians act, Bobby Jindal spent $1,000 to register in New Hampshire &amp; dropped out the next day. Such a waste! 
We're stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad, but New York City will survive! 
People are really liking my new book, "Crippled America." Check it out! 
Join us at 10pmE on with #MeetTheTrumps #ABC2020 
#ICYMI: I joined #OnTheRecord with on this evening. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/FlJutjpR35 
Looking forward to watching the legendary interview my family (and me) tonight on at 10:00. Many things to talk about! 
Tune into the legendary at 10pmE on
@ABC2020 tonight. #MeetTheTrumps for a full hour #ABC2020! 
.@washingtonpost Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet! 
.@Gracematters Thank you, a very wise bet! Best wishes. 
Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow! 
.@HillaryClinton is weak on illegal immigration &amp; totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be #POTUS! 
The legendary interviews my family and me tonight at 10:00 on . Don't miss it! 
.@BilldeBlasio should focus on running #NYC &amp; all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude, &amp; not be so focused on me! 
Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S., &amp; probably the worst Mayor in the history of #NYC, just called me a blow hard! 
Thank you for a great afternoon, South Carolina! See you next Tuesday! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
I didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism &amp; have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America 
Under our President, ISIS is gaining great strength- 
My family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary tonight - 10pmE. 
.@mkhammer, a Fox contributor, isn't smart enough to know what is going on at the border. made the point far better! 
Going to South Carolina now, great place, SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday! 
The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates, NOT masterminds! 
The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders "MASTERMINDS." Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS! 
A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
A great evening in Iowa! Thank you Des Moines Area Community College for a great forum! #Trump2016 #IAForums 
John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed, bringing down the world and ruining people's lives. A total failure! 
Once John Kasich announced he was running for president, and opened his mouth, people realized he was a complete &amp; total dud! 
Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart! 
Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun! 
John Kasich, despite being Governor of Ohio, is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic! 
John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image, not negative ads on me. 
Governor Kasich, whose failed campaign &amp; debating skills have brought him way down in the polls, is going to spend $2.5 million against me. 
The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at 10:00 on ABC. Don't miss it! 
Thank you Worcester, Massachusetts!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Just the beginning &amp; it is going to get worse. Rates &amp; deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it. 
I told you! Premiums are soaring! #RepealObamacare #Trump2016 
https://t.co/Ey50582uND 
Thank you for your support! Together we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 
The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy! 
Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG &amp; BEAUTIFUL WALL! 
Via Politico: "Trump Extends Lead in New Hampshire Poll" 
Very nice article from Daily Mail 
Great New Poll 
Thank you for all of your support! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 
I will be interviewed by tonight at 10:00 on . Much, much, much to talk about! 
Melania and I just had interview with the legendary Watch #abc2020 this Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS 
.@AP is doing very badly. I can say from experience their reporting is terrible &amp; highly inaccurate. Sadly, they are now irrelevant! 
One of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great They have lost their way and are no longer credible. 
What is our President doing? 
"GOP Voters Trust Donald Trump to Keep Our Country Safe" 
Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane? 
I, along with almost everyone else, have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat 
So many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016 
Just received a copy of new book -- a great read! Sarah is a terrific person. 
Great poll numbers out of Thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/ePlQRgjMYw 
Just leaving Knoxville, TN --- what a crowd, what amazing people! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Just landing in Knoxville, Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time, despite serious subject matter. 
I agree! The headline says it all. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/TWslpJPQG0 
Discussing #SyrianRefugees with on back on 10/3/2015. #ISIS 
Will be landing in Knoxville, Tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. It's all very simple, we want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Republicans must stop listening to dopes like who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big &amp; think strong! 
Wow, shares are down more than 40% this year. I never knew my ties &amp; shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact! 
Interesting article from highly respected Wayne Allyn Root 
Remember, I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed, now they're attacking the oil. 
Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy, he is, without question, the BEST quarterback! 
President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO! 
.@JohnLegere John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers. 
Glad to see that lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person! 
I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail at Magazine. He is a total loser! 
.@VanityFair Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years, and has lost almost all of it's former allure! 
We need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon! 
.@realDonaldTrump on ISIS&amp;OIL FIELDS! Saying it for years! you should acknowledge this! #Trump2016 
When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He can't say it, and unless he will, the problem will not be solved! 
I think everyone will like my new and very successful book, Crippled America. Go get it and let me know what you think! 
Wow, Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and for African American youth - 51%. 
Hillary and Sanders are not doing well, but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? O'Malley is a clown. 
Why won't President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isn't it now, after all of this time and so much death, about time! 
Great news out of New Hampshire! DonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack w/ 2nd is 17% behind him! #Trump2016 
We need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW! 
President Obama said "ISIL continues to shrink" in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE. 
My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all. 
Boy is this guy tough on me. So totally biased. As a reporter, he should be ashamed of himself! #Trump2016 
They laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said. #Trump2016 
Thank you for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. Should have been done long ago. #Trump2016 
Great honor to be inducted into the NJ Boxing Hall of Fame last night. Thank you! Timing could not have been better! 
.@seanhannity Carly, whose campaign is dead, is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! Sad. 
.@CarlyFiorina had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign! 
Happy Friday the 13th 
Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your support &amp; this evening! #Trump2016 #IACaucus 
First candidate in Virginia with over 16,000 validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I will be on with at 7PM. Tune in!
#Trump2016 
I will be on with tonight at 6PM. #Trump2016 
Thank you for showing the was wrong. So dishonest! 
From 2% to 27% in Texas - quite a jump into first place! 
Wow, pres. candidate Ben Carson, who is very weak on illegal Immigration, just said he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship. 
Total fool is part of the Republican Establishment problem. An all talk, no action dummy! 
 
.@WSJ and dopey Karl Rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible TPP deal.
https://t.co/t9JZGIUAYl 
Why does the failing write a false editorial about me and let dummy make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper? 
.@KarlRove is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100% 
We, as a country, either have borders or we don't. IF WE DON'T HAVE BORDERS, WE DON'T HAVE A COUNTRY! 
Why wouldn't the call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly! 
When and how are the dummies at the going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me. I want "smart" trade deals. 
The Editorial Board is so wrong, so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate. 
.@WSJ Editorial Board should review my debate statement re China and T.P.P. and apologize. China not part but will get their way in later. 
Today's Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door. 
I will be interviewed on at 7:30 
All seven on-line polls, including Drudge and Time, with thousands of respondents, said I won the debate. said I was "so, so." 
Will be interviewed by tonight at 8 PM. 
I will be on at 8PM tonight. Tune in! 
I never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date. 
Just returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends there--special place! 
Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served, thank you for your special work. 
Thank you &amp; -- a great show! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening, moderators did an outstanding job. 
Will be on live from New Hampshire - 7:00 A.M. Talking about the debate and more! 
I will be on live from New Hampshire tomorrow at 7am. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
People Magazine: "Donald Trump Was Right: He Gave SNL Its Best Ratings in Nearly 4 Years--Plus, What You Didn't See" 
Thank you South Carolina! #Trump2016 
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016 
Go out and buy CRIPPLED AMERICA: How to Make America Great Again. Doing really well. Great Thanksgiving or Christmas present! 
I will be interviewed by on at 7:00 A.M. There is much to talk about! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you to Robert Rorke for the really nice review of #SNL. So many enjoyed it - very gratifying! 
Marco Rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration &amp; in favor of easy amnesty. A lightweight choker - bad for #USA! 
Marco Rubio couldn't even respond properly to President Obama's State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat &amp; chugging water. He choked! 
A great evening in Springfield, Illinois. Thank you for all of the support! #Trump2016 
Great job on Nobody could have done it better! 
Thanks Piers. Greatly appreciated. 
.@Betsy_McCaughey Thanks so much. Really appreciate your comments. I will help the veterans like no one else. 
Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years! 
.@EricShawnonFox Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. 47% higher than their opening night with Hillary &amp; Miley Cyrus. Nice words 
Television ratings for Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters! 
At 10:30 I will be interviewed on both by and Face The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening! 
I will be interviewed by on at 10:00 A.M. 
.@CNN Will be interviewed by Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. Enjoy. 
.@nbcsnl - So much fun last night! 
Will be on at 8:00 A.M. 
Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live! 
I am at the Saturday Night Live Studio - electricity all over the place. We will be doing a "tweeting" skit, so stay tuned! 
They are saying that tickets to tonight's Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good start! 
Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy 
.@RobertGBeckel Please thank your brother for his nice words on television. Seems like a great guy and character! 
One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt of Wrong facts - check Fox debate rankings, Trump #1. Dope! 
Would be nice if learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. Probably done on purpose, but not good reporting! 
has become a sad case. His magazine is failing badly, probably doesn't have long to go, and his predictions are always wrong! 
Will be on tonight. Signing a copy of Crippled America for Bill! 
So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs, good for the environment, no downside! 
Happy Birthday to the great He's done so many wonderful things, not the least of which is his fantastic family. I love Billy! 
Getting ready for commercial. 
.@AJDelgado13 Thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts. 
Carson now admits his friend named "Bob," who he tried to stab (Bob was saved by his belt buckle!), no longer exists as Bob. Wrong name! 
With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer, stab a friend and Pyramids built for grain storage - don't people get it? 
Such bad reporting: A puff piece on Ben Carson in the states that Carson "is trying to solidify his lead." But I am #1, easily! Sad 
Florida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure. 
A great honor to easily finish FIRST in the poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner! 
The Carson story is either a total fabrication or, if true, even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend! 
.@seanhannity should have corrected Jeb Bush when he said that I "ran for president twice." Never ran, merely considered running! 
Jeb Bush just said about Marco Rubio, "he's my friend!" Pure political speak. Why can't he be truthful and say "disloyal guy, no friend!" 
Also, tune in to the at 7:00am. I will be on to discuss the campaign, my new ads and #CrippledAmerica. 
I will unveil my first campaign ads on at 6:30am tomorrow. Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Wow! poll just came out. #1 with 26%! Almost as importantly, I am the strongest on economic issues by far! #Trump2016 
Just landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned! 
Isn't it terrible that used a poll not used before (I.B.D.) when I was down, but refuses to use it now when I am up? 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
I will be on tonight at 10pmE talking about my new book #CrippledAmerica and much more! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
.@CharlesGKoch is looking for a new puppet after Governor Walker and Jeb Bush cratered. He now likes Rubio--next fail. 
Join me today, Nov 3rd, in #TrumpTowerNYC at noon. I'll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it! 
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. and at 7:50. Talking about my new book, out today, Crippled America. 
My interview with &amp; at airing at 5PM on 
Meet me at and get your copy of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA signed on 11/3 at 12pm! 
Thank you Carl Higbie (former Navy Seal) for you support of my plan to straighten out the Veterans Administration-a mess!Great job 
.@Morning_Joe: Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazy Marco good looking? 
Sirius National News at 7:30 A.M. Steve Bannon. 
Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S. 
Thank you for the nice, and true, words on #Media Buzz with terrific Howie Kurtz. Leading New Hampshire 30 to 12. 
While in politics it is often smart to send out false messages, one thing is clear: That Hillary does not want to run against TRUMP. 
Join me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12 PM in #TrumpTower in NYC. I'll be signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it! 
If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered! 
Marco Rubio will not win. Weak on illegal immigration, strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a "lightweight". 
I told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor! 
Jeb's new slogan - "Jeb can fix it". I never thought of Jeb as a crook! Stupid message, the word "fix" is not a good one to use in politics! 
Anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for Marco Rubio READ THIS: 
Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singer's, Mr. Amnesty, endorsement.Rubs can't win 
Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time &amp; money! 
.@thehill John Oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show. I said "NO THANKS" Waste of time &amp; energy! 
Few people know that is still in business. Tell your writer Alisa Soloman that I left The Apprentice to run for president 
No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasn't in them? Interesting question! 
Thank you James Freeman of the for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Support Coach Kennedy and his right, together with his young players, to pray on the football field. Liberty Institute just suspended him! 
Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy! 
.@ColinCowherd said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought I'd do his show, on Monday (2:30pm EST). 
The Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it! 
Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya' 
I told you so-@politico just lost it's top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit, they would be doing far better! 
I am leaving for Norfolk, Virginia - the great battleship U.S.S. Wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. See you soon! 
I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac, which are total scams. Marco must address him as "SIR"! 
The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me #1. 
Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS, CHINA, RUSSIA etc. 
I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid, Carson wants to abolish, and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesn't have a clue - weak! 
When candidate John Kasich, on the talked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid, he was referring to Ben Carson. 
.@GovMikeHuckabee Great job on tonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class! 
Happy Birthday to my friend 
Donald Trump Leads Polls in Florida
 
Super PACs should be disavowed by anyone running for President. They are a total scam on our system and country! I am self-funding. 
Thank you for your wonderful words. We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter, 
Thank you for explaining to and and so many others that I am leading in almost all national &amp; state polls. 
Thank you for the nice words on I will win and Make America Great Again! 
Loved doing the debate last night on Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed! 
Wow, just heard really bad stuff about the failing How much longer will they be around? Some very untalented reporters. 
My interview on with had a 40%+ ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20% over last week. 
Post-Debate via Thank you!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/VHyPDZFKPZ 
I was #1 on Twitter -- and so positive. Thank you! 
.@SpeakerRyan Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.! 
Failing host a mental basketcase, loves SUPERPACS - in other words, he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists! 
Via Who won the #GOPDebate? 
CNBC poll: Trump won #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you! 
Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno, Nevada. 
Thank you and for all of your nice words and comments on the debate! 
The money losing is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers! 
Drudge Poll on who won the 3rd #GOPDebate. Thank you! 
Thank you Colorado! An honor to win #GOPDebate Poll. 
Thank you, Jonathan. Greatly appreciated! 
Thanks, You're great! 
The #CNBCGOPDebate poll closed with #Trump2016 declared the official winner. Thank you! 
Thank you! #GOPDebate 
MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/u6bJBPu30T 
Thanks everyone, they all said I won the debate. Even won the Poll! 
Via "Trump still in the lead by a whopping 14 points after fluke survey had put Carson on top"- 
POLL TOTAL: TRUMP 25.22 CARSON 19.78 RUBIO 9.67.... 
.@TheEconomist Poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. Wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy! 
I'm sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via The Economist. 32%! 
Does anybody think that will get their fictitious polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad! 
.@Morning_Joe can you believe Kasie Hunt's poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa. is a scam! 
.@CNBC continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one, based on every statistic, is Trump (by a wide margin). They just can't say it! 
After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa, I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate! 
Thank you Iowa! Great night---see you soon! #Trump2016 
Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans: 
Just out, wonderful poll in North Carolina. #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
https://t.co/xdZGkdtNev 
I am leaving for Sioux City, Iowa - great event (rally). 
National GOP Presidential Poll via 35.6% #Trump2016 
Thank you for the wonderful story. 
https://t.co/3ipTylrLzz 
New Gravis national poll just out --- 36%! Very nice! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Dopey who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and picks, said last week on that Biden was in. 
#TrumpTODAY Watch my appearance on the from this morning 
Re Super PAC scam: What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace. 
This whole Super PAC scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all PAC's &amp; is self-funding. 
Ben Carson wants to abolish Medicare - I want to save it and Social Security. 
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the there, live at 7:00 A.M. New Poll of New Hampshire: Trump 38 Carson 12! 
An aerial shot of Jacksonville crowd yesterday! I may as well show you because the media won't. 
#Trump2016 
Remember that Carson, Bush and Rubio are VERY weak on illegal immigration. They will do NOTHING to stop it. Our country will be overrun! 
Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares, my supporters know the truth. Think what can be done as president! 
Word is that Ford Motor, because of my constant badgering at packed events, is going to cancel their deal to go to Mexico and stay in U.S. 
.@ByronYork Great numbers from Poll. Also from ABC-Washington Post Poll. Thank you! 
Do you believe that is still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results? 
.@CBSNews Poll - WOW! New Hampshire TRUMP 38% CARSON 12% BUSH 8% South Carolina TRUMP 40% CARSON 23% CRUZ 8% Iowa TRUMP 27% CARSON 27% 
Watch my interview on Face The Nation now and, also, the new CBS POLLS which, if good for me, the media won't report! 
Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at 10:30 on 
Watch at 9:00 A.M. Then interviewed on at 10:00 A.M. and then, at 10:30 A.M., watch Face The Nation. 
Ben Carson has never created a job in his life (well, maybe a nurse). I have created tens of thousands of jobs, it's what I do. 
I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at 9:00 A.M. on Ben is very weak on illegal immigration. 
A big POLL will be announced this morning on Face The Nation. I wonder if I do well if the press will report the results? Doubt it 
This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = U.S. GOVT. 
I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. on Enjoy! 
While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries, after having paid ridiculous amounts of money, why did he pay so much in the first place? 
.@JebBush is slashing campaign salaries, people making millions. If he can't manage his campaign, how can he manage our countries finances? 
.@JebBush had a tiny 300 person crowd at Senator Tim Scott's forum. I had thousands, and they had real passion! 
.@JebBush is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign &amp; not enough talking about America's future. 
Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live! #TrumpToday 
I will be doing the live from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning. #TrumpToday 
Will be doing a sit down interview with on Sunday morning at 9:00. Tough questions and hopefully very good answers! 
Just finished speaking in Jacksonville, Florida. Incredible crowd, fantastic people. Thank you! 
Saying goodbye to some of my great workers at in Miami. 
Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great. 
Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Crowd was amazing tonight at Trump National Doral in Miami. Love and excitement in the ballroom. Tomorrow at noon in Jacksonville! 
So nice of greatly appreciated! 
Remember, official campaign merchandise (hats, apparel etc.) can only be bought at Be careful, don't get ripped-off 
The young intern who accidentally did a Retweet apologizes. 
Joe, thanks for not running! 
#ChrisWallace, who interviewed me on Sunday, had his highest ratings since Feb of '09. Congratulations! 
"Trump Nears 100 days on Top" via The Hill 
I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him &amp; his family. Personally, I would rather run against Hillary because her record is so bad. 
The great workers who just completed the skylight at Trump International Hotel, D.C. (Old Post Office) 
New poll by ABC News/Washington Post TRUMP 32 CARSON 22 RUBIO 10 BUSH 7 Wow, how will the media put a negative spin on this one? 
I will be interviewed on Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M. will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Just out: Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce Poll N.H. TRUMP 28 (up 10) CARSON 16 BUSH 9 RUBIO 6 CRUZ 5 Press will say they are surging! 
.@GMA at 7:00 A.M. 
.@MonicaCrowley you were GREAT on tonight. Thank you for the nice words! 
I will be interviewed on Good Morning America tomorrow at 7:00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well! 
.@seanhannity at 10:00. 
.@KarlRove Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More! 
I will be interviewed on tonight at 10:00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy! 
Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison! 
"Donald Trump tops Franklin-Pierce/Herald poll at 28 percent in N.H." 
Lots of great new polls--big leads! 
 
 
I will be on tonight at 10 PM #Hannity 
Bill Clinton wants to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Tonight's official count--7,943. An all time record for the Anderson Civic Center in SC! Thanks! #Trump2016 
See, the attack very possibly could have been stopped. We need real leadership and vision. 
Via "Under Fire From Donald Trump, Jeb Bush Focuses On 9/11 Even Though Hijackers Got Florida Licenses"
https://t.co/a9s6mHsk07 
Interesting reading re September 11th 
NEW POLL: Trump Blue Collar Support highest since FDR in 1930s--WOW! 
http://t.co/fnRIXJWCVf 
Bruce Willis wearing my hat on last Friday- 
Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher &amp; sharper 
It's really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming! 
Best thing my supporters can do if you don't like the way and her puppets unfairly treat "us" is don't watch her show! 
Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on at 6:00 P.M. 
Just reported by CNN that "the Trump halo effect" caused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. So true! 
It's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal, in particular a real dope named Charles Lane! 
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on - Turn off the football for 15 minutes, Make America Great Again! 
Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on Big statement made by Chris! 
I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast! 
Does everyone remember and his famous remarks about "self-deportation" and "47%". He was done. I don't need his angry advice! 
.@MittRomney and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost! 
.@MittRomney can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible "choke" loss to Obama! 
.@FoxNewsSunday 
Jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info? 
This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because I'm on it (kidding)! Have fun. 
Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also, Rubio is hitting him hard! 
On at 9:00A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on your location) on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy! 
Amazing! Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
http://t.co/fnRIXJWCVf 
Good news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks 
I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 9:00 A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good! 
A great story in the New York Post ---really well written!
http://t.co/ZXFte8aqYf 
Russia and the world has already started to respect us again!
http://t.co/3hdsUtMHim 
Via Business Insider: Donald Trump's Poll Dominance in 2 Key States is Mind-Blowing- 
Via CNET: Donald Trump Bests Jeb Bush in Website Performance, Experts Say- 
Thank you for your very honest commentary. One thing, we do have great teams in IA, NH, SC and beyond. 
https://t.co/ZVQiw6CpCO 
.@KatrinaPierson, you did a fantastic job tonight on Thank you for your very tough and very smart representation! 
.@JebBush, like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
.@JebBush,
At the debate you said your brother kept us safe- I wanted to be nice &amp; did not mention the WTC came down during his watch, 9/11. 
In Massachusetts --- the place is packed! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Heading to Boston to see another huge crowd! My friend Tom Brady is a great competitor and golf partner. 
Rumor has it that the grubby head of failing Magazine, "Sloppy" Graydon Carter, is going to be fired or replaced very soon? 
A great new poll-33%! 
Nice story from 
.@scottienhughes Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever! 
.@EricTrump was FANTASTIC on this morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy! 
.@CNBC has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching! 
Every poll, Time, Drudge, Slate and others, said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I don't watch 
.@marcthiessen is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent! 
Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets, Chris Stirewalt &amp; Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates 
Will be on tomorrow with Enjoy! 
Why is the being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring #DemDebate? 
.@CNBC is pushing the around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials. 
The should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party. 
.@KevinHart4real joined &amp; was asked about his thoughts on #Trump2016 Thanks Kevin--so nice! 
A great day in New Jersey for Trump! &amp; 
Signing my tax return.... 
I'm very proud of my daughter Ivanka. Great interview. 
Incredible crowd in Richmond, Virginia tonight! So much spirit and energy! #makeamericagreatagain 
Just did Will be back on at 11pm on 
.@andersoncooper did an excellent job of hosting the #DemDebate last night. Tough, firm, but fair. 
Will be going to Richmond, Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there. 
We need a strong leader- and fast! 
#DemDebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers. 
Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now! 
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebate 
Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question! 
Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight! 
Good move by Bernie S. 
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc. 
All are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage. 
Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate 
O'Malley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance. 
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way. 
The trade deal is a disaster, she was always for it! #DemDebate 
Get rid of all of these commercials. #DemDebate 
Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared. #DemDebate 
We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy! 
Live from New York- November 7th! 
It was just announced that I will be hosting Saturday Night Live on Nov. 7th -- look forward to it! 
"Exclusive--Davi: Trump, The Lion We Need" 
So nice, thank you very much. 
Everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight. #DemDebate 
Very honored: "Trump Is Tops As Clinton Drops In Connecticut Primaries, Quinnipiac University Poll Finds" 
http://t.co/6d8WiLa8fB 
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA &amp; CHINA? 
Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree! 
Someone should inform that, despite spending millions of $'s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat (s) D! 
At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter! 
Will be interviewed by on at 10PM tonight. Enjoy! 
Thank you. 
Via RealClear Politics 
Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place! 
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree! 
President Obama was terrible on tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters! 
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy! 
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon! 
Little Barry Diller, who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast, only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie! 
Via Breitbart - "Riding High in Polls Donald Trump Storms the American South to Overflow Crowds in Georgia"
http://t.co/iLcaMZxc82 
Will be interviewed on with tomorrow at 10:30am EST. Enjoy! 
My interview with on #MediaBuzz will air tomorrow on at 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie, very insightful. 
.@ThisWeekABC with had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice! 
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon. #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain 
.@ChuckTodd just informed us that my interview last week on was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats! 
I'm leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up! 
Paul Ryan is far from my first choice, but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games! 
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people! 
Will be interviewed on "Media Buzz" with Howie Kurtz on Fox, Sunday at 11:00 A.M. 
Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also, watch on CBS &amp; #mediabuzz -- both on Sunday. 
Mark--They could use you. 
New Gravis Poll in NH just out: Trump 32%, Carson 13% 
Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas 
Thank you. 
True. Thanks. 
Thanks. 
I will be interviewed on Sunday 10AM on CBS. is a true pro! 
Thanks Larry. Best wishes. 
Good luck! Enjoy. 
Will be interviewed on at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday! 
I was so happy when I heard that one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum! 
.@EWErickson ran into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to and good luck in the future! 
A great event in Las Vegas, Nevada! 
Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them! 
Thank you! 
Thanks. 
'The goal is to be the winner': Donald Trump's campaign is for real. Via The Guardian 
"This Man Is the Most Dangerous Political Operative in America" via Bloomberg Politics 
Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It's not going to happen with anyone else. 
Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very important job! 
I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon) 
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them! 
Wow, great news! I hear of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, you'll understand why. Just doesn't have IT! 
Wacky who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job! 
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon! 
.@stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won! 
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow! 
.@politico has no power, but so dishonest! 
I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns and their totally dishonest reporting. 
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. See you soon! 
If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, don't waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero! 
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair! 
True! 
I will be on with tonight at 6PM. 
"Labor Unions Giving Serious Thought to Endorsing Trump" via Washington Examiner 
.@WayneNewtonMrLV Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much. 
Don't ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts! 
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina. 
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal. 
For all of my fantastic supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before! 
I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, I'm going to win! 
Will be interviewed by on at 10:30 A.M. 
Will be interviewed by on at 10:00 A.M. 
The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you! 
Tune in to see me on with at 10am ET. Enjoy! 
I will be on with tomorrow morning at 10:30am ET on Enjoy! 
Just leaving Nashville, Tennessee. Had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! Love Nashville -- back soon! 
Rubio was very disloyal to Bush, his mentor, when he decided to run against him. Both said they "love" each other.They don't - word is hate! 
Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other, as I knew they would, in order to be the last "establishment" man standing against me.Great 
Thank you for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people! 
Pictures of my beautiful mother, amazing father, and family hanging in upstate, New York. 
Congratulations to my brother Robert &amp; Ann Marie on the success of in Dutchess County, New York (Amenia.) Great food! 
Will be in Nashville, Tennessee, tomorrow (Saturday) at 2:30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there! 
I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach, Virginia, today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm, back soon! 
My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg, Oregon, shootings. 
I will be interviewed on tonight at 10:00. Many things, mostly bad, to talk about! 
Thanks. 
Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd, great people! Will be back soon! 
I will be interviewed by tonight on at 10PM. 
Interesting, polls on who won the GOP debate. 
Wow, so nice! Thank you Wayne Allyn Root. 
Great news! Just out--the highly respected USA Today/Suffolk University Poll. Enjoy! 
Anyone reading this profile of Marco Rubio would never vote for him. Never made ten cents &amp; is totally controlled!
http://t.co/KA0LvfFJfM 
Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy! 
Just read that "Trump" has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed! 
I watched lightweight Senator Marco Rubio, who is all talk and no action, defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic! 
Great! 
Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%! 
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal! 
Wow, the ratings for last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice! 
"The GOP Debate Scorecard: Donald Trump and Energy" by Wayne Allyn Root. 
Zogby Poll: Trump Widens Lead After GOP Debate 
Conservative? Jeb Bush doubled Florida State debt!http://t.co/kDOyCqwuqI 
Will be doing with tonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics. 
Thanks. 
I know you will enjoy reading my tax plan- #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
LIVE on #Periscope: Tax Plan Press Conference
#Trump2016 
Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at 
Hope we all enjoy tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly! 
Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or, very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed. 
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is VERY weak on immigration, knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals! 
Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night! 
Thank you 
I will be on this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it. 
.@THR "The Donald Trump Ratings Bump: Who's Benefiting Most?" 
.@TheHill- Trump on Boehner resignation: 'It's a good thing' 
.....Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill! 
.@MarcoRubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country..... 
Dishonest just called to say that none of the polls including Fox, NBC, CNN, Zogby, &amp; Morning Consult matter. Serious haters. 
At the Old Post Office- 
I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair! 
.....Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight! 
Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office... 
.@megynkelly, the poll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others, Time, Drudge, Slate etc. said I came in 1st. 
Just watched on television. Just another all talk, no action, politician. Truly doesn't have a clue! Worst voting record in Sen. 
Wow, a really nice lead in New Hampshire--- an increase since my last poll! 
The failing news outlet, which I hear is losing lots of money, is really dishonest! 
.@politico, which is not read or respected by many, may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something. 
Bloomberg: Trump leads GOP field 
New Bloomberg Poll: Trump Leads Big 
So happy about my daughter announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. Congratulations! 
Will be on at 6:30 A.M. 
Will be on at 7:00 A.M. 
.@FoxNews owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of! 
Incompetent lost it tonight on He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him! 
Wow! What a great night. Thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to 
.@FoxNews has been treating me very unfairly &amp; I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future. 
Yogi Berra was not only a great baseball player, he was a great guy. Yogi will be missed. 
Headline reads" Rubio passes Bush in Florida poll" -- Unfair, because Trump destroys them both! Trump 31.5%, Rubio 19.2%, Bush 11.3% 
.@JuliInkster Congratulations on your great win--what a captain, what a champion! 
I will be doing at 11:30 on CBS. Enjoy! 
I will be the featured guest on the season opener of this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about! 
Just remember, the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in! 
I think should take another eleven day "unscheduled" vacation. 
Do you ever notice that lightweight constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally sexist. She is highly overrated! 
Senator Marco "amnesty" Rubio, who has worst voting record in Senate, just hit me on national security-but I said don't go into Iraq. VISION 
I will be on the tonight at 11:30 
Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. #YomKippur 
Morning Consult poll: "Trump Leads" 
2016 Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP 32, CARSON 12, BUSH 11, FIORINA 6, RUBIO 5, CRUZ 5. Taken after debate 
.@RichLowry is truly one of the dumbest of the talking heads - he doesn't have a clue! 
I am having a really hard time watching 
.@oreillyfactor, why don't you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring! 
.@oreillyfactor was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC. not good for me! 
Via HuffPost Pollster #1 
I will be interviewed tonight at 7pm ET by #OnTheRecord 
Thank you Dan--I agree! Best wishes. 
#AskTrump 
I had a great time at #AskTrump 
I just wrapped up a Q&amp;A Thanks for all your questions! #AskTrump 
.@_Just_Mads_ #asktrump 
.@MarieLeff #asktrump 
.@joycefinance #asktrump 
.@Modern_Do_Good #asktrump 
.@ARealSuperMan #asktrump 
.@HighSock_Sunday #asktrump 
.@KyleStephens30 #asktrump 
.@EliseChristine #asktrump 
.@MarketMavensInc #asktrump 
.@dixierhilton #asktrump 
#AskTrump Getting ready to answer your questions. 
Has the media picked up the new Zogby poll that was just put out? I doubt it! 
Jeb has been confused for forty years- 
Carly Fiorina is terrible at business--the last thing our country needs! 
#AskTrump Send me your questions to answer live from later this afternoon. 
The refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used numbers where my lead is smaller. 
Will be on now. Enjoy! 
Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres. 
We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe better than ever before! 
I am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far. Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad! 
I have been leading big in all polls, with two more today, and The NBC poll is more than double next, at 29%. Fiorina has 11%. 
There is no way that Carly Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California! 
I will be on at 10:30. will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results, I should do well-who knows? 
Thank you Faith and Freedom Forum &amp; I had a great time in Iowa today! 
A great night in Iowa! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya! 
Christians need support in our country (and around the world), their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible, I will be great 
If I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation! 
If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance! 
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something. 
Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so! 
Looking forward to meeting the students of Urbandale High School tomorrow- 
Thank you. 
GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM! 
 -- Donald J. Trump 
Wow, great post-debate poll: "Trump Increases Lead" via Breitbart 
Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the A wonderful and talented guy! 
Will be interviewed tonight by on at 10 PM. Enjoy! 
Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Every poll done on debate last night, from Drudge to Newsmax to Time Magazine, had me winning in a landslide. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
#CNNDebate 
#CNNDebate 
The #CNNDebate was amazing --- so much fun! 
#CNNDebate Winning the poll- 
Thank you to Tom Brady, Coach Ditka, Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive! 
A great honor from somebody that knows how to win! 
Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe is "milking" it for almost 3 hours? Too long, too many people on stage! 
I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits! 
Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you! 
.@rushlimbaugh Rush, I am in LA inspecting property (big job creator) &amp; listening to you. You are truly fantastic--thanks! 
Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd &amp; arena! Thank you 
Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1,000,000 - I said "NO". Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads! 
Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends! 
Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me &amp; on at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets &amp; the military! 
Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back! 
I will rebuild the military, take care of vets and make the world respect the US again! Join me today. Info: 
Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow! 
Unbelievable crowd in Dallas! 
The event with me and in L.A on 9/15 is turning out to be huge. Get your tickets before they're gone 
Looking forward to joining Tuesday 9/15 in L.A. aboard the - The Battleship of Presidents! Join us! 
My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain! 
Thanks Mark, will be fun. 
My honor, thank you. 
Why is someone like George Pataki, who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls, allowed on the debate stage? 
Had a record crowd in Boone, Iowa. A fantastic day--- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people. 
Too many people on stage for debate. at 11th, with 2% in shouldn't be allowed to participate. 
I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son, didn't get the right gene. 
Lightweight Senator should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him. 
Donald Trump Sends to Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months. that is #HUGE!
http://t.co/mRHdW7dOws 
.@mercedesschlapp thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated! 
Will be on at 8:00. Enjoy! 
Backstage with before opening skit- great fun! 
The Tonight Show will be amazing - 11:30 P.M. ENJOY! 
Amazing crowd outside Tune in tonight at 11:30. 
.@GovernorPerry is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future! 
On with at 11:30 PM. Enjoy! 
Via The Hill "No Tickets Left for Trump's Dallas Rally" 
.@robertjeffress I greatly appreciate your kind words last night on Have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you. 
Oh wow, lightweight Governor who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls, just mocked my hair. So original! 
Also, tomorrow night I will be going to Boone and Ames. Really look forward to seeing all of my friends in Iowa. 
I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 11:30. Should be fun! 
I'll be on ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM 
Wow, I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group, and Ben Carson just took a swipe at me 
I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm! 
Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on . Probably true, but not nice! 
I will be speaking at the #StopIranDeal rally shortly- watch live here- 
A letter to President Jeff Zucker- 
See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad! 
Via "Amateur hour with the Iran nuclear deal" 
Will be on Bill O'Reilly tonight at 8 PM. Enjoy! 
A great honor to receive polling numbers like these. Record setting African American (25%) &amp; Hispanic numbers (31%). 
I'm on Bill tonight at 8 PM. It will be another lively interview about how to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
The lobbyists &amp; special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me "just a little" but is very false! 
Wake up Jeb supporters! 
Thank you for your strength &amp; wonderful words last night on but is easy to beat! 
Wow! Such nice words from Robert Redford on my running for President. Thank you, Robert. 
Tomorrow in DC: 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran. 
Looking forward to being with at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal! 
Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech! 
Remember, I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center 
Thank you for your powerful words on I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN together! 
.@club4growth should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation? 
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran. 
The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST! 
Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue! 
The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites! 
If the presidential election were held today, according to this poll, Donald Trump would defeat any Dem: 
The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class! 
By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.! 
Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary, Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED 
Hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. Just can't read speeches! 
Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasn't even see through glass, it was black 
Saudi Arabia was "vehemently" against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse? 
Just announced that because of "Trump", advertising rates for debate on are going from $5000 to $200,000, a 4000% increase.PAY CHARITY? 
Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on He is just a 3rd rate "gotcha" guy! 
Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman, Abu Bake al-Baghdad, Hassan Nasrallah and more - typical "gotcha" questions 
The Dallas event in two weeks, at the American Airlines Center, is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast, before it is too late! 
.@MeghanMcCain was terrible on yesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V. can do so much better! 
So nice, thank you Laura. 
Daily Caller: Trump Surpasses Field, Flirts With 40 Percent in Alabama Poll 
Will be on in 5 minutes - at 7:00. Enjoy! 
The Pledge #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
LIVE on #Periscope: Watch major press conference live from now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner! 
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore! 
.@brithume, I am in first place by a lot in all polls, tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks 
Tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide/HuffPost Pollster #GOP 
2016 GOP Nomination Polls have me as #1 as seen on with 
.@kevinolearytv Great job on this morning. You tell it like it is! Also, thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great! 
A terrible deal with Iran! 
Will be interviewed on this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results! 
When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been 
The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way! 
Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on you would think I'm doing poorly. 
Why does and always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election 
No more Clintons or Bushes! 
Congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on Twitter--and heading up fast! 
Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me? 
The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why only has not reported this? Too bad! 
150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal. 
President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back! 
Very proud of Trump Int'l Golf Links in Aberdeen, Scotland. Just got the five star award from 
See, I told you so 
Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info 
Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa! 
Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big! 
Via "TRUMP WINS NASHVILLE GRASSROOTS STRAW POLL WITH 52 PERCENT"- 
Wow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit! 
Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd! 
Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. 
Will be interviewed by tonight at 10:00 on OAN Network. Enjoy! 
Thank you 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain From my speech in South Carolina yesterday- 
Via CNN: Trump now leads in odds to win GOP nomination 
Great job tonight on Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again 
Will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about! 
Who wants the endorsement of a guy (@EricCantor) who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress? 
.@BenFergusonShow just watched you on Thank you for your nice comments. 
The press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself! 
Great job on tonight We are all proud of you! Also, congrats on a great son - he is going places. 
.@KatrinaCampins You were absolutely great on Thank you. 
.@DennisDMZ Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic! 
Thank you Christian Broadcasting Network 
Will be interviewed on the this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy! 
Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks! 
Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls, all first place, are amazing. Thank you! 
Thank you I am going to Make America Great Again! 
Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone, Anthony Sadler, &amp; Alex Skarlatos. 
True, thanks. 
Thanks. 
Another good poll result in the great state of SC. Trump at 30%. Carson at 15% and Bush at 9%. 
.@GovernorPataki did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again, he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls 
Jeb Bush just talked about my border proposal to build a "fence." It's not a fence, Jeb, it's a WALL, and there's a BIG difference! 
Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess! 
In a clumsy move to get out of his "anchor babies" dilemma, where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it, he blamed ASIANS 
Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising, signage, materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb! 
I liked The Kelly File much better without Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation! 
.@megynkelly must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration! 
Via The Brody File: "The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From Donald Trump" Thank you David &amp; CBN News--so nice. 
Via Int'l Business Times: Jeb Bush Got $1.3M Job at Lehman After Florida Shifted Pension Cash To Bank. 
Thank you Greta. 
Even Barbara Bush agrees with me- 
Depression- be careful of China! 
Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump. 
As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A. 
New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32%, highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember "read my lips, no more taxes"). GREATNESS! 
Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just can't get it right! 
Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on women's health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing. 
Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border, most other candidates are finally speaking up. Just politicians! 
It has just been confirmed by the City of Mobile, Alabama, that there were 30,000 people at last nights event, making it #1for pol season. 
How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad! 
Thank you to the for the accurate and very discriptive story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening! 
I had 15,000 people in Phoenix but said "the rooms capacity is just over 2000." But said Bernie Sanders had 11,000 in same room. 
.@politico covers me more inaccurately than any other media source, and that is saying something. They go out of their way to distort truth! 
Alabama was great last night, amazing people. 30,000 folks was largest crowd of political season. Nice! 
.@jessebwatters, You did a great job hosting Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpRallyAL 
Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. Be careful! 
Leaving for Mobile, Alabama, right now - can't be late! 
Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence. 
Great! 
We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally, the silent majority is back! 
How crazy - 7.5% of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants, over 300,000 babies per year. This must stop. Unaffordable and not right! 
Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term "anchor babies," offensive. Now he wants to use it because I use it. Stay true to yourself! 
Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day! 
We are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
.@TomLlamasABC cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members &amp; criminals 
must apologize. My statement "we're going to get them out so fast, so quick" applied to hard core criminals &amp; gang members. LIE 
Had a special visitor in my office yesterday for photo shoot. 
Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will Make America Great Again! 
Another great poll result! Thank you! 
Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people, we all had a great time together! 
Will be in New Hampshire and then on Special at 9 PM tonight. 
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit -- it is selling fast! 
.@MarkSteynOnline - Thank you and great job on tonight! 
I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
My H-1B reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country, not lobbyists, &amp; will have bipartisan support: 
If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline. No impact on environment &amp; lots of jobs for U.S. 
.@jasondhorowitz I am very proud of my sister, your story was terrific. Thank you so much. 
Our online campaign store is open! Visit for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise including my signature hat! 
When foreigners attend our great colleges &amp; want to stay in the U.S., they should not be thrown out of our country. 
It does matter! 
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit --- it is selling fast! 
Listening to on way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show, terrific guy! 
Why does keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects! 
The polls have been really amazing--we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals! 
I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds, love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget. 
.@NicolleDWallace Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore, you must be good! 
Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down! 
LIVE on #Periscope: Good morning Iowa! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids. 
Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people, fantastic crowd! 
.@AP and should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED &amp; The Apprentice to run for President! 
Our campaign store is officially open! Visit to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise. 
Not under my watch- 
Our online campaign store is officially open! Visit to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise. 
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit --- it is selling fast! 
The #IranDeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction &amp; make Iran a force like never before. 
Will be interviewed by tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree! 
Our online store is officially open! Visit to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise. 
.@SenTedCruz had a very good debate, far better than Rand Paul. 
.@ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on Better luck tomorrow! 
Why is allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan? 
We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country! 
Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE! 
Again, illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL! 
.@KatrinaCampins Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also, keep up the great work! 
.@BrandenRoderick I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.I'm not surprised, you're a special person 
Frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman What a couple! 
Enough is Enough- no more Bushes! 
Oh really, check out innocent discussion on show 5 years ago--I am the innocent (pure) one!http://t.co/8Hg7f5Q2jE 
.@KathieLGifford, Melania and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all! 
I will be interviewed on Show at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20. 
Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family. 
It amazes me that other networks seem to treat me so much better than I brought them the biggest ratings in history, &amp; I get zip! 
I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance! 
Small crowds at today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson, a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money 
Almost universal support that "Trump won the debate." Only is consistantly fighting the Trump win, and I got them the ratings! 
Wow, CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE, connected best with audience. Also, Time, Drudge, Newsmax, N.Y.Times and more! 
.@redstate I miss you all, and thanks for all of your support. Political correctness is killing our country. "weakness." 
Re Megyn Kelly quote: "you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever" (NOSE). Just got on w/thought 
So many "politically correct" fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense! 
....Dopey should be fired. 
.@FoxNews you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history &amp; you say nothing but bad... 
via Bloomberg: Fox News Couldn't Kill Trump's Momentum, Made Him Stronger 
poll: winner of last night's debate by wide margin.. 45% v.12% 10% 
I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the trio, especially was not very good or professional! 
.@FrankLuntz, your so-called "focus groups" are a total joke. Don't come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown! 
Wow, really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch. 
.@FrankLuntz I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins &amp; so where did you find that dumb panel. 
.@FrankLuntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels! 
Wow! What a great honor from 
Thank you readers- a great honor! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPdebate 
Wow! What a great honor from 
Just arrived for the #GOPdebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I look forward to tonight's "debate" -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen! 
.@realbobmassi, who does a show called "Bob Massi Is The Property Man" on really knows his stuff--a total pro! 
"AmyMek Amen! has drawn more attention to Veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades!" 
Wow! Such a wonderful article from fantastic people--my great honor! 
Poll: Trump Leads GOP Field Among Hispanics, Records 34% Favorability 
Thank you. 
Thanks. 
Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare. 
I will be on tonight on at 8 PM and 11 PM. 
"92-year-old registers to vote for first time, says will vote for Trump" 
 
Thank you Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message. 
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin 
Will be interviewed on at 7:3O. Enjoy! 
Thank you for your nice comments on A lot of progress is being made! 
My #GOPDebate question for the other candidates- 
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- Albert Einstein 
New Poll Shows Donald Trump Blowing Everyone Else Out of the Water. 
.@Jrprotalker Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on Great seeing you there &amp; you did a fabulous job on commentary. 
.@DottieandBogey Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also, great commentary. 
Despite the false story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge, he fell more than anybody &amp; is miserable. 
Wow, did the fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates &amp; not him 
Bush is pretending that the "Trump surge" is great for him and the is reporting Bush "delight" - con job, a Bush nightmare! 
I will be interviewed on tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy! 
I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets? 
Watch my interview with on today at 11:30AM ET 
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
 -- Henry Ford 
Wow, some new and even greater polls--thank you! 
Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place &amp; Women's British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow. 
Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin, but massive budget deficit. Education, roads, etc suffering. lies. 
Thank you for your service! 
Thank you. 
The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
I look forward to the debate on Thursday night &amp; it is certainly my intention to be very nice &amp; highly respectful of the other candidates. 
Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there &amp; will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday 
Carl Cameron is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles &amp; misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong &amp; he hates it! 
Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort, Turnberry, in Scotland. Hosting The Women's British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat. 
I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club), but I don't want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump! 
Thank you. 
Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!!
 #ChangeTheWorldIn5Words 
... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone? 
Per Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ... 
This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word 'American' is 'problematic' -- WHAT?! 
I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming! 
Thank you for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool! 
So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING! 
.@CNN Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me. 
.CNN &amp; Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easy 
Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees. 
.@CNN &amp; did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep. 
Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so 
My int. with on Obama being all talk &amp; no action &amp; making America Great Again! 
We must protect our veterans. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you for your nice words. I am rapidly becoming a fan!
 
After all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Aesop 
.@TheBrodyFile was fantastic tonight on Thank you, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you for the great job you did on Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down. 
Will be interviewed tonight on at 10:00. There is so much to talk about! 
Boston's Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics, and then he gave up. I don't want him negotiating for me! 
Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Women's British Open, one of world's great golf tournaments. Back soon to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
.@GovernorSununu who couldn't get elected dog catcher in NH forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate: 99.2% 
Thanks Lou. 
Veterans, please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address veterans@donaldtrump.com to share your stories about the need to reform the VA. 
We must build a wall to secure our border. It will save lives and help Make America Great Again! 
Thanks. 
Thank you, Greta. 
Thank you, Wayne Root -- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!http://t.co/L3cKIEDZ2X 
.@ScottWalker is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc. 
Always great to speak with Veterans - our nation's heroes. We will Make America Great Again! 
Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon! 
Packed venue of people who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa, Iowa. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
.@ScottWalker despite your coming to my office to give me an award, your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart! 
Isn't it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing (poll), and by a big margin. Dummy must be thrilled! 
The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie! 
Big poll just out by has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day! 
Via by "DONALD TRUMP SURGES TO COMMANDING LEAD IN POST-MCCAIN BACKLASH POLL" 
Thank you It's time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! I hope you are doing well! 
.@marklevinshow has written a great book, Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it! 
True! 
True, thanks. 
Be sure to get a copy of new book, American Hunter. 
From an amazing day on the border in Laredo. 
Arriving to check out the border. 
I love Bluffton, SC, what a great place -- what great people. 
When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence. 
True. 
Thoughts &amp; prayers with everyone in Lafayette, Louisiana this evening. 
Great! 
Thanks. 
True! 
Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative! 
.@BillKristol Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar! 
What a waste of time being interviewed by when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim O'Brien-dumb guy with no clue! 
Boycott no guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores! 
.@AC360 Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste! 
.@tedcruz you were terrific on tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow. 
.@FrankLuntz knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets! 
Via by "Brody File Exclusive: Donald Trump Comes Out In Support Of 20 Week Abortion Ban" 
It's going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton, Bush and Obama. Let's Make America Great Again! 
Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers &amp; bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER! 
Thank you for your commentary last night on Very fair -- we are making progress together! 
I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day! 
.@GovernorPerry in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite! 
True, thanks. 
I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many! 
Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people! 
My response to the failing Des Moines Register, the ultra liberal paper that has no power in Iowa 
I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time! 
Flags to be flown at Half-Staff at all Trump Properties in Honor of the Five Fallen Soldiers-http://t.co/bgKmJ8TU67 
Response to the Des Moines Register- 
Via by &amp; "Disavowed by GOP leaders, Trump has supporters cheering"
http://t.co/xfgPmrEtKv 
.@BreitbartNews is much smarter than sleepy eyes Thanks to Steve Bannon &amp; real reporters. 
Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific. 
Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration! 
Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead! Thank you, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Wow, new preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you. 
I will be interviewed on tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc. 
" At least we're talking about the #VA! We weren't a month ago! 
We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans. 
The ever dwindling which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for, is always hitting me politically. Who cares! 
My piece: "Trump: I don't need to be lectured" 
I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous energy! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN 
The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter, and fast, or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times! 
A true piece about the standing ovations I got yesterday 
The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk. 
John McCain called thousands of people "crazies" when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology! 
Wow, just wrote the definitive piece on what I said about John McCain 
One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly. 
Why would anybody listen to He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John McCain! 
Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas, for taking a tough &amp; bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry. 
I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept. 
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care. 
It's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans..... 
I will make this right for our great Vets! 
All he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything. 
....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives. 
The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years... 
Captured or not, all our soldiers are heroes! 
In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets, John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President! 
Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa, got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon. 
Statement on John McCain- 
I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT. 
The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but &amp; is just plain dumb! 
Ratings starved and does not cover me accurately. Why can't they get it right - it's really not that hard! 
Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
It's driving &amp; the money losing post crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me! 
The liberal clown told her minions at the money losing to cover me as enterainment. I am #1 in Huff Post Poll. 
Response to Huffington Post- 
Via 
Via by 
Via 
MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP! 
Looking forward to speaking at the Reagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN! 
I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! had 68. The #SilentMajority is fed up with what is going on in America! 
Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns. 
Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today. 
.@GovernorPerry failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate. 
.@GovernorPerry just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesn't understand what the word demagoguery means. 
.@SenJohnMcCain should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy! 
The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans. called them "crazies"--must apologize! 
CNN: "New GOP polls show Trump's favorability is up" 
The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans! 
The worst show in Las Vegas, in my opinion, is Hokey garbage. New York show even worse! 
No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again. #Iran 
Is this true about Univision and Fusion? Wow!?! 
They are great people! 
Thank you. 
.@andydean2014 Thank you, you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job. 
I hope the boycott of continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macy's stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A. 
I loved firing goofball atheist Penn on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness. 
I hear show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised, boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice, show would have died long ago. 
Irrelevant clown sweats and shakes nervously on as he talks "bull" about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in '12. 
Thank you Piers. 
.@StephenBaldwin7 You were fabulous on CNN last night--I greatly appreciate your support. Best wishes. 
".@PolitiTrends is dominating the discussion on Twitter with 79352 mentions today (via )" 
.@BradSteinle Thank you for yr wonderful tweet of July 4. I wanted a little time to go by before calling. Your sister &amp; family are amazing. 
Via The Hill: Trump Tops National Poll for Second Straight Week 
Getting ready to land in Charlottesville, Virginia, at Trump Vineyards, another job producing development that I bought and made AMAZING! 
Who do you want negotiating for us? 
Response to Hillary Clinton- 
I can't believe that President Obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL! 
Matt Harvey -- Don't let the get you down---nobody reads it. Play well. 
Ford is MOVING jobs from Michigan to Mexico AGAIN! As President, this will stop on Day One! Jobs will stay here. 
Let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. It's time, he has paid a big and very long price! 
I am so happy that people are boycotting Macy's 
Very nice - has me in first place at 18% and Bush second at 14% 
Rush Limbaugh: "Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration" 
Have some fun with this- 
The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security. 
When will people, and the media, start to apologize to me for my statement, "Mexico is sending....", which turned out to be true? El Chapo 
....likewise, billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico through the border. We get the killers, drugs &amp; crime, they get the money! 
El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a vacuum cleaner, sucking drugs and death right into the U.S. 
The U.S. will invite El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison, to become a U.S. citizen because our "leaders" can't say no! 
.....but that's what I've been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media! 
Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison, everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border! 
I hear that sleepy eyes will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I can't imagine what is taking so long! 
...Trump, however, would kick his ass! 
Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo', the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? .... 
Sleep eyes is killing Meet The Press. Isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail! 
Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price. I told you so! 
Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat, so they let them in. A GREAT day! 
Convention Center officials in Phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15,000 people in 4,000 code room. 
Via by "TRUMP PREACHES PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH IN PHOENIX" 
I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well! 
Legal immigrants want border security. It is common sense. We must build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! 
Great segment with "Breaking Down the Trump Factor" Let's Make America Great Again! 
Today I am standing with patriots in Arizona for border security! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! 
Today I will be rallying with with 15,000 patriots in Arizona for border security! Let's Make America Great Again! 
Via by "Father of murder victim to introduce Trump in Phoenix" 
Getting ready to go to Las Vegas (Freedom Fest) - great crowd. Then on to amazing Phoenix - that will be a total happening! Love America. 
Boycott and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Has anyone seen the financials of They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny! 
The Republicans who want to cut SS &amp; Medicaid are wrong. A robust economy will Make America Great Again! 
I love that thousands of people are boycotting and cutting up credit cards. No guts no glory. This really backfired - love it! 
Look forward to being in Phoenix tomorrow at 2:00 P.M. Hottest ticket in entire country. Was supposed to be 500 people, now many thousands! 
Standing with Jamiel Shaw, Sabine Durdin, Don Rosenberg, Lupe Moreno, Brenda Sparks, Robin Hvidston &amp; their spouses. 

Laura--Massive crowd, had to move to Phoenix Convention Center. 
I want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Jeb Bush just announced he raised over $100M. Everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of America! 
Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments! 
Via "WHOA: Trump changing venues for Saturday rally in Arizona due to OVERWHELMING RESPONSE" 
BREAKING - Border security rally in Phoenix, AZ at 2PM MST has been moved to Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! 
I'm on tonight &amp; 10PM discussing immigration and lots of other things.#LetsMakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Via by Katie McHugh:"POLL: DONALD TRUMP LEADS THE PACK AS GOP FRONTRUNNER" 
Obama and Republicans are hollowing out our military. Now want to cut troop levels. Lowest level in over 20 years. 
The elites want Common Core so they can take education out of parental control. NO! Let's Make America Great Again! 
True, thanks. 
Thanks. 
Why does a failed magazine like constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down. 
Dummy Tiny fragrance deal with Parlux means nothing. Still sold at Trump Tower... 
Dummy from failing magazine: NASCAR deal was 1 nite ballroom, ESPN was small golf outing... 
You mean George Bush sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them? 
Jeb's brother George insisted on a $100,000 fee and $20,000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. Not nice! 
Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope! 
Via by Ben Graham: "Border Reports Back Up Trump's 'Rapists' Claim" 
Thank you --- As you know I have been saying this for a long time 
Dear I greatly appreciate your fairness. My history shows I never disappoint. Looking forward to meeting you soon. 
.@natalie_gulbis Thank you for your support this morning on Even more importantly, play well this week! Say hi to all. 
.@ronsirak Thank you for being so fair this morning on appreciated. 
Via by "Donald Trump and the End of Free Speech" 
I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals &amp; more! 
MUST READ-"It's time people listened to Trump,' says mother of gunned-down teenage football star" SECURE THE BORDER! 
Wow! I hear that thousands of people are cutting up their credit card. That's great. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
.@AnnCoulter U were great last nite on FOX. Our country has become a dumping ground for the world--I'll get it to stop &amp; fast! 
We have got to take our country back. It's time! 
Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US 
I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to U.S. 
Thank you I will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show! 
Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesn't see &amp; can't solve the problems. 
I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive. 
Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants. 
Miss Universe, Paulina Vega, criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration, but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite 
Via "GAME ON: TRUMP RESPONDS TO JEB" 
Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost! 
What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart! 
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I will be on this morning at 8:30. Enjoy! 
Via by "Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration" 
.@TheJuanWilliams you never speak well of me &amp; yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic! 
.@marcorubio what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border? Stand up for US 
Where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place b/c of our unsafe border We need a wall! 
My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle. Very, very sad! 
Our Southern border is unsecure. I am the only one that can fix it, nobody else has the guts to even talk about it. 
Our Southern border is totally out of control. This is an absolutely disgraceful. situation.http://t.co/ujz3jENIYo We need border security! 
We need jobs &amp; we need them fast. I am a job creator. None of the pols can or will. Let's Make America Great Again! 
"A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation." - President Ronald Reagan 
Wow, Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you, but the work has just begun! 
Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP! 
As Governor of Texas, Rick Perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that's O.K., I like him anyway! 
Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak &amp; ineffective. Double the sanctions! 
New orders for manufacturing down 9/10 months Time for fair trade. Stop TPP! 
New jobs report: 432,000 left workforce, manufacturing &amp; durable goods go - We need leaders who understand business. 
Via Huffington Post "Congrats, America! Donald Trump Is Now A 2016 Presidential Front-runner" by Igor Bobic 
Via World Tribune "The elites' problem with Donald Trump: He's not for sale" by Jeffrey T. Kuhner 
.@Macys stock just dropped. Interesting. So many people calling to say they are cutting up their credit card. Thank you! 
Make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. Even President Obama agrees- 
Look what the President of NBC sent me recently about his stay in my Las Vegas hotel. Very loyal guy. 
Interesting that criticized me but just paid $650,000 in fines for racial profiling. Are they racists? 
For all of those who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, boycott They are weak on border security &amp; stopping illegal immigration. 
Those who believe in tight border security, stopping illegal immigration &amp; SMART trade deals w/other countries should boycott 
Get ready for tonight at 8- always interesting! 
Via "Donald Trump's Controversial Mexican Comments Are Accurate" 
My just filed lawsuit against Univision. Always fight back when right. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Watch me on the tonight at 8PM. 
Thank you Ted. 
I love the Mexican people, but Mexico is not our friend. They're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT! 
We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also, Mexico is killing U.S. on trade. WIN! 
Statement on Relationship with NBC- 
Via by "Donald Trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to Israel"
http://t.co/O4yHtwCzbm 
Remember, Univision apologized! 
Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us, gone! 
Univision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U.S.A. contestants are hurt! 
.@NYDailyNews, the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown Mort Zuckerman, puts me on the cover daily because I sell. My honor, but it is dead! 
See story in Fusion and Huff. Post about rape at the border. Beyond terrible! Isn't Fusion owned by Univision? 
Will be in Chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) luncheon. 
Addressing record crowd Madison County Iowa GOP Dinner. We can bring common sense to DC &amp; Make America Great Again! 
Must read article via "DONALD TRUMP VERSUS MEXICO" 
A great article by out the truth on Mexico, trade, the border &amp; illegals. Thank you 
I'll be in Iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. The word is getting out, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the U.S.! 
Only very stupid people think that the United States is making good trade deals with Mexico.Mexico is killing us at the border and at trade! 
.@billmaher: Bill, you are really beginning to understand what is going on with "Trump" - actually, you always knew! 
When you are in a war, or even a battle, losing is not an option! 
When somebody challenges you unfairly, fight back - be brutal, be tough - don't take it. It is always important to WIN! 
Letter to - Re: 
If I win the presidency, my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike Bush's appointee John Roberts on ObamaCare. 
.@Univision cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S. Are they controlled by the Mexican government? 
Anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the US should boycott 
Once again the Bush appointed Supreme Court Justice John Roberts has let us down. Jeb pushed him hard! Remember! 
I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs, only good for Mexico. 
Univision wants to back out of signed contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico. 
Mexican gov doesn't want me talking about terrible border situation &amp; horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way! 
Governor Rick Scott of Florida did really poorly on television this morning. I hope he is O.K. 
I hear that dopey political pundit, Lawrence O'Donnell, one of the dumber people on television, is about to lose his show-no ratings?Too bad 
We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen! 
My message, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, is beginning to take hold. Bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our VETS! 
My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her, and she loved them. Thanks Ivanka! 
.@WhoopiGoldberg had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace, who doesn't have a clue. The show is close to death! 
The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to sleep. Dead T.V. 
I am really beginning to respect Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why "Trump" poll numbers are high. 
Just out, the new nationwide poll has me alone in 2nd place, closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again! 
Uncomfortable looking NBC reporter Willie Geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers 
.@Neilyoung A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal &amp; called me last week to go to his concert. Wow! 
My daughter, Ivanka, will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in Manchester, NH #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Thank you. 
Politician didn't like that I said Baltimore needs jobs &amp; spirit. It's politicians like Cardin that have destroyed Baltimore. 
The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire, with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first. 
Speaking at the Red, White and Blue Dinner in Maryland- 
Today I filed my Statement of Candidacy with the FEC. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
True. 
.@DanaPerino Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it? 
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities. 
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business. 
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. 
The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer! 
Who do you want negotiating for us? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
.@JordanSpieth Great job--you are a true champion! See you soon. 
"Hillary Clinton Dominates the Pack in Fake Twitter Followers" 
Thank you. 
.@deneenborelli Thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated. 
I want to thank Elizabeth, Steve, Brian and all of the great folks of for the long and successful run we had together. NICE! 
Sadly, I will no longer be doing at 7:00 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE! 
.@KarlRove still thinks Romney won! He doesn't have a clue! 
.@KarlRove stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco? 
The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son, Chris Wallace of Mike was a total pro! 
.@MarthaRaddatz was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on This Week. should not allow this conduct! 
.@KarlRove, who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didn't win one race, said I'm not a candidate until I file papers. Next week Karl! 
Via by "Exclusive: Trump Slams Obamatrade, Stands Up For American Jobs"
http://t.co/kE5pjagvtq 
Happy Father's Day to all! I had a wonderful and loving father. 
Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin, Iran, China, etc., Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt? 
Thank you for your nice words. The U.S. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. Pols don't get it. Make America Great Again! 
My speech is right now on C-SPAN 1 
Druggies, drug dealers, rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smart and stop this travesty? 
Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump! 
I like Mexico and love the spirit of Mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the U.S. 
Why did beg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched? 
Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk. 
Out of hundreds of deals &amp; transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just business. 
Hillary Clinton reaches new low. #TrumpVlog 
George Will was a big Iraq fool. $2 trillion, thousands of lives lost -- &amp; we got nothing! Dummy. 
Just watched Brian Williams on - very sad! Brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at Stop apologizing 
Trump Nat'l Golf Club Philadelphia, 360 beautiful acres as designed by Tom Fazio with views of the Philly skyline. 
Watch my appearance on - great interview! 
The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all. 
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower, Chicago, has received accolades for design, service &amp; our signature restaurant, "Sixteen" 
Thank you. 
Speaking to great patriots My first visit to Granite State since declaring my candidacy! #FITN 
Heading to New Hampshire. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
We need someone with experience to rebuild America. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Only a fool would buy the Loses fortune &amp; has zero gravitas. Let it die! 
Thank you Sarah--Let's have pizza in New York soon with you &amp; your great family 
Enjoyed watching analysis of my interview. Great points! Thank you, Monica. 
in addition,no doubt you would have been amazing on Keep up the great work. 
watched you on my flight to Iowa. Will not be forgotten. 
Dear Thank you so much for your nice words today on Will not be forgotten! In Iowa now. Packed house! 
Today I officially declared my candidacy for President of the United States. Watch the video of my full speech- 
Thanks Eric. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I am officially running for President of the United States. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
LIVE on #Periscope: Major announcement! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thanks Geraldo, you're a champion. 
11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Make sure to follow me on I will be streaming my announcement at 11AM. 
In one hour I will be making a major announcement from Trump Tower. Watch it live on Periscope! 
Make sure to follow me on #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
It is almost time. I will be making a major announcement from at 11AM. Follow on social media! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thanks. 
Big time in U.S. today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back. 
Do we really need another Bush in the White House--- we have had enough of them. 
Great! 
Thanks. 
Will do, thanks. 
Great! 
Thanks. 
LIVE on #Periscope 
Tomorrow at 11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Tomorrow will be a really big day for America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Remember, politicians are all talk and no action - they will never be able to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! Controlled by lobbyists &amp; donors 
I am really happy that Hillary made her speech right under Trump World Tower! 
Thank you. 
Thank you. 
Should not pass--bad deal! 
Thanks. 
Thank you. 
True! 
Entrepreneurs: Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson 
Entrepreneurs: Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear. 
Entrepreneurs: Keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative. 
Looking for Father's Day gift? named the spa one of the best places for men to relax 
Thank you. 
Thanks. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. 
There is. 
Thanks &amp; I won't let you down. 
Thanks. 
Great, thanks. 
Thank you. 
Video: Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point 
Congratulations to for winning the 2015 Traveler's Choice Award from 
Thank you for featuring in your list of "Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago." 
Entrepreneurs: Review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Keep your focus intact. 
Our is really starting the summer on the right foot with their #wellness program as seen in 
Thank you for featuring in your list of "Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago." 
Thank you. 
Via Hardball with Chris Matthews 
"Dee Dee Sorvino I am betting on Trump" 
Via the New York Times 
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower New York, includes Central Park views &amp; our signature restaurant, Jean Georges. Perfection! 
Trump Turnberry is a spectacular place--and home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time. 
Amazing NH poll released! We are getting ready to Make America Great Again! 
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles offers 18 holes fronting the Pacific Ocean on the Palos Verdes Peninsula. 
Loved doing #NCGOPConvention keynote speech last night! Unbelievable reception. Had the biggest crowds by far of any of the GOP candidates. 
Will be doing live tomorrow at 7AM ET from Europe. 
Going to Scotland, Ireland &amp; other places in Europe to close up deals. Getting ready for the June 16th announcement 
Via by "In Raleigh, Donald Trump all but announces presidential bid" 
Just received a standing ovation at #NCGOPCon when I said, "We need to bring the American Dream back better and stronger than ever before!" 
Just said at #NCGOPCon that "I'm not beholden to lobbyists and donors! No special interest would control me if I were in office." 
Just made the point at #NCGOPcon that "we have to protect our border &amp; I think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like Trump!" 
Just received applause at #NCGOPcon when I said "People ask me why I may run for President-- I might so we can Make America Great Again! 
Just said at #NCGOPcon that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! We need action and results to move forward!" 
Received a standing applause at #NCGOPcon when I said "to have free trade be fair for the US we need really intelligent negotiators." 
Just Introduced at #NCGOPcon as the country's highest paid speaker. Told the record crowd of 650 I am to be speaking here for free! 
Going to North Carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd! 
We must stop Common Core from controlling state &amp; local curriculums. It is a federal grab of education. Keep education local! 
Looking forward to keynoting the #NCGOPcon dinner tomorrow night! is a top state party! 
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland -- home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time.. 
Was in Iowa yesterday-great people. Record crowds at both speeches. Something big is happening. Pols are all talk. Make America great again! 
Dummy political pundit constantly pressed the crazy war in Iraq. Many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. U.S. got NOTHING! 
.@krauthammer pretends to be a smart guy, but if you look at his record, he isn't. A dummy who is on too many Fox shows. An overrated clown! 
One of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is A totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts 
With great patriots in Mason City who also want to bring the American Dream back! We can Make America Great Again! 
Standing ovation after promising to bring the American Dream back, and better than ever before! 
Standing room only in Mason City, Iowa! Thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters! 
Trump Nat'l Golf Club, Philadelphia, is a 360 acre beauty and an award winning Tom Fazio designed course--fantastic! 
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good. 
Re Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. View any conflict as an opportunity. Be flexible. 
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. 
Just as I predicted, while Obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago, Iran cheated &amp; increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. We must DOUBLE sanctions! 
Looking forward to visiting Mason City, Iowa, tomorrow. Will be my 8th day in the Hawkeye State this year! 
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will increase our trade deficits &amp; send even more jobs overseas. This is a bad deal. Time for smart trade! 
Too bad I don't get this for political speeches- they cost me a fortune! 
The Spa offers unique treatments that use traditional Hawaiian botanicals &amp; healing techniques 
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss? 
Entrepreneurs: There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. 
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Get out there &amp; go for it! 
.@TrumpGolfLA is proud to be hosting where all 4 Major Champions will square off. October 2015. 
All the haters &amp; losers must admit that, unlike others, I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that! 
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him &amp; his dumb clown humor. Too bad! 
June 16th- 
Awarded 5 Stars by offers 
 Executive Chef new menu 
For those of you that have conveniently forgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)! 
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast. 
I will be on at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY! 
For those of you that have conveniently fotgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)! 
I would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son, Beau. Met him once, great guy! 
All the haters and losers must admit that, unlike others, I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that! 
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. Too bad! 
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast. 
Wow, the economy is really bad! GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT down 0.7% in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. I TOLD YOU SO! Only I can fix. 
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland, is on 400 beautiful acres &amp; fronts the Atlantic Ocean for 2.5 miles. Spectac!http://t.co/nT7zundGmV 
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Be open to new ideas. Be innovative! 
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example. 
Entrepreneurs: Get--and keep--your momentum going. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere. 
Required reading 4 success in politics &amp; life read book #MakingTheCase. Brilliant Advice ! 
 
I had a fantastic time with at the grand opening of the great Watch the video- 
ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51% Terrible for economy. Repeal &amp; Replace with free market solution! 
Common Core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. Department of Education should be disbanded not expanded. Focus on local education. 
My int. on on how to defeat ISIS, Obama losing ground to ISIS, &amp; Making America Great Again! 
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake, but by what you finally accomplish! 
"Watch, listen, and learn. You can't know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity." Donald Trump" 
Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldn't answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again! 
Good advice from my mother: 
"Trust in God and be true to yourself." -- Mary Trump 
Good advice from my father: "Know everything you can about what you're doing." -- Fred C. Trump 
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.
 -- Jack Nicklaus 
On 800 pristine Miami acres, boasts luxurious accommodations, world-class dining &amp; championship golf 
A quote from the late, great golfer, Sam Snead: "Practice puts brains in your muscles!" THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE. 
Will be doing interview tomorrow. So much to talk about! 
.@AnnCoulter's new book-- "Adios, America! The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole"-- is a great read. Good job! 
Entrepreneurs: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute. 
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge. 
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--look at the solution, not the problem. 
If any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded Iraq then they are unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief. 
Whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- Henry Ford 
My honor. 
I will be going to Trump Links at Ferry Point for the official opening of this long delayed (but future NYC treasure) course. Great job "D" 
The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care! 
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. 
I would like to wish everyone, including all haters and losers (of which, sadly, there are many) a truly happy and enjoyable Memorial Day! 
Nobody understands politicians like I do - all talk and no action. They will never get our country where it needs to be, truly great again! 
Think BIG! You are going to be thinking anyway, so you might as well think BIG! 
I told that and I had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. Why? Too bad! 
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point: Grand Opening next Tuesday May 26th at 11 AM. Jack Nicklaus will be joining me. 
"If I run, and if I win, our country will be great again." - last line of my speech 
"Our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician." - my speech 
Audience chanting "RUN TRUMP RUN!" during my my speech! They are going to be very happy... 
"I said don't invade Iraq from the very beginning." - my speech 
"I am going to save Social Security without any cuts. I know where to get the money from. Nobody else does." - my speech 
Via by &amp; "Mr. Trump Goes to Washington And Talks 2016" 
"Many Republicans support TPP. They are stupid. We have stupid Republicans too. We need to keep jobs here!" - my speech 
"Negotiation is a true talent. It is an art. And our politicians are killing our country b/c they don't have it." - speech 
"I would triple the sanctions on Iran if the American pastor is not released." - my speech 
"I make good deals. That's what I do. I would make great deals for our country." - my speech 
Just received huge applause when I said Berghdal should be sent back to Afghanistan! speech is sold out with record crowd. 
"Wouldn't it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?!" - my speech. 
Looking forward to receiving 2015 Statesman of the Year award tonight by A record 2,000+ sell out 
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for. 
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either. 
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort. 
.@KirstenPowers New book is excellent and so true! Congrats! 
Signing The Facebook Wall- 
I had a great time today visiting Facebook NY. 
.@megynkelly Will be on Fox now. Watch and enjoy! 
I will be interviewed on The Kelly File tonight. Be sure to watch on 
Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a 'success.' Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard! 
My int. discussing the persecution of Christians in the Middle East &amp; Religious Liberty &amp; Freedom 
My int. from Iowa on how I would build a wall to secure our Southern Border &amp; deduct costs from Mexico 
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point is a Jack Nicklaus Signature Design 18 hole course, just minutes from Manhattan 
I had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at NY today- 
There is no way my friend Bob Kraft agreed not to appeal the NFL decision without making a deal to at least get something. We love Tom Brady 
WOW, SO NICE AND SO TRUE. THANK YOU! "@not_that_actor: #TRUMP2016 TIME TO RETHINK THE CHOICES 
A MUST WATCH - TRULY BEAUTIFUL! "@PrivateCaddie: Amazing Turnberry Ailsa course changes from #Golf 
With Sen. Elizabeth Dole &amp; Caregiver Fellows. Tremendous people caring for our military &amp; veterans! 
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules. 
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count. 
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable -- but don't take things personally. That's good business. 
Remember when Jeb gave Hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of Benghazi?! Guess he would have invaded Libya too! 
Host of the &amp; is home to 4 unique courses including the famous Blue Monster 
Congrats to on his new show! Greg makes great TV and is a terrific guy. 
.@TrumpNationalNY- a great place! 
Gallup finds Des Moines, Iowa, has the highest community pride (76.5) of any large city. Congrats and I agree--I love the place! 
Marco Rubio had no idea what he was doing on Chris Wallace show. Said Iraq "was not a mistake." He looked clueless! 
I will be on at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Wow, ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it. Such a waste. 
I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. Typical phony pols 
Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallace concerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as Jeb 
Jeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material! 
Received a standing ovation in packed house after Sam Clovis intro! Let's Make America Great Again! 
I am in Iowa today, great STATE, fantastic PEOPLE! Many speeches, big crowds - all sold out! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Excited to be speaking at Iowa National Security Action Summit tomorrow at 1:30PM! 
Excited to keynote of the sold-out Pottawattamie County Republican Party Lincoln/Reagan Dinner tonight! Leaving now! 
.@BillRancic Bill, fantastic job this morning on - you are a total winner and I am proud of you as first Apprentice CHAMP! 
I cannot believe how bad Jeb Bush looks with his insane answer on Iraq, and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse. 
Via by ChrisCassidy_BH: "Donald Trump says Jeb Bush is wrong about Iraq" 
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Golf Links Ireland (formerly The Lodge at Doonbeg) is a 5 star resort fronting the Atlantic Ocean 
Going to New Hampshire, all sold out crowds. People want real change - POLS WILL NEVER MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! 
I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn't want to be doing this, he is not having fun! 
I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the for incompetence &amp; defamation. They will drop the case against him--and he will win. 
You can be an player with murder charges and not be suspended. Yet with NO EVIDENCE, targeted Tom Brady. B.S.! 
Looking forward to touring the world headquarters tomorrow! One of the top gun manufacturers in the US! #GunRights #TCOT 
Thanks for hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends &amp; discussing #FITN topics. 
"Donald Trump trademarked Reagan slogan &amp; would like to stop other Republicans from using it" via 
My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A. 
We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians, ENOUGH 
I am the BEST builder, just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican candidates can't build. They don't have a clue! 
TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads, airports, tunnels, bridges, electric grid - all falling apart.I can fix for 20% of pols, &amp; better 
Remember, politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists &amp; donors control all! 
The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, airports, bridges. I know how to build, pols only know how to talk! 
Amtrak crash near Philadelphia, train derails -many hurt, some badly. Our country has horrible infrastructure problems. Pols can't solve! 
Jeb Bush really blew his interview with - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous Iraq war all over again 
My interview on Tom Brady, Hillary Clinton, the Granite State &amp; Making America Great Again! 
Glad the Trans-Pacific Partnership failed in the Senate. Bad deal for American worker &amp; economy! We need SMART TRADE! 
"Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits." -- Thomas Edison 
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results. 
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites and possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them. 
Entrepreneurs: Be passionate. You have to love what you're doing to be successful at it. 
I was proud to be one of Ronald Reagan's earliest supporters. Like Reagan, it's time to Make America Great Again!
http://t.co/toq7Ddalco 
Sue them Tom! #TrumpVlog 
What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion! 
One of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post Moron hates my poll numbers 
Why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country, while at the same time leaving the losers alone? STUPID! 
People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No court could convict based on the evidence.They can't beat him on the field, so this! 
Can you imagine, we spend billions of dollars protecting Saudi Arabia and now the King refuses to even meet with Obama. Great leadership! 
They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or #patriots. If Hillary doesn't have to produce Emails, why should Tom? Very unfair! 
Great shot by yesterday. Lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure. 
.@foxandfriends in 5 minutes. 
Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heart! 
A great job by in winning The Players yesterday. Finally, your jealous critics can go to hell! Good luck at The U.S. Open. 
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 this morning. Plenty to talk about! 
How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY! 
Happy #MothersDay to all the great mothers out there! 
Big crowds, standing ovations in South Carolina - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
My two sons, Eric &amp; Don, have long been expert hunters &amp; marksmen They go on safaris &amp; give animals to the poor &amp; starving villagers! 
.@tuckercarlson is doing a really good job on Fox, especially when talking politics. He has come a long way fast! 
Leaving for the GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA now to make a speech about how to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! 
.@nyrangers did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions! 
Thank you and keep up the great work! 
Great job tonight 
#TrumpAdvice 
I've dealt w/politicians throughout the world. My deals are multi-faceted transactions which involve many issues. I know the process &amp; win! 
Tom Brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball. He is my friend and a total winner! 
.@kilmeade It was great being with you on this morning. So many people saw and loved the piece. Great work! 
#TBT With my friend 
Huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. I will. 
I was the first &amp; only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. Huckabee copied me. 
If I run, I will be in all the primary debates and you will see why I am the only one who can Make America Great Again! 
The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! 
.@Franklin_Graham: Great job on this morning. You beautifully stated what most people are thinking! Say hi to all. 
#TrumpAdvice 
Via HT Politics 
.@PamelaGeller is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. Don't provoke the enemy, go get them and make them pay. No signals, just do it! 
I hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and RUN FOR PRESIDENT will fight hard for victory if I do! 
Our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast, before it is too late. We have zero leadership and never WIN! We want victory. 
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland has been home to four of the greatest Open Championships in history 
Follow for all the updates on my New Hampshire political activities. Looking forward to returning to the Granite State on May 14! 
At the foot of Whitestone Bridge in the Bronx offers fantastic views of the Manhattan skyline 
Great story on in about our new Sky and Wellness Suites: 
There is incredible progress on the site of Trump Tower Punta del Este, Uruguay, situated on the sands of Playa Brava 
Our spa gets a nice write-up in #gotmilk 
What would you do if a large group of Muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of Jesus? Oh really, be cool! 
The U.S. has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. BE SMART 
Nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but why taunt, over and over again, in order to provoke possible death to audience. DUMB! 
#MayThe4thBeWithYou--- here is when Darth Vader and I did some firing- 
With 46-stories and 391 beautiful rooms, offers a wide array of AAA Five Diamond luxury options 
Thrilled to hear that has awarded the 'Rakuten Diamond Award' for the 4th consecutive year! Congrats! 
Looking forward to &amp; Freed Summit in Greenville, SC this Saturday! 
Congratulations to and for the coverage on perks in luxury hotels: 
Our amazing golf course 
I will be interviewed at 7:00 A.M. on - Enjoy. 
I am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. Our cities need help, and fast. They are crumbling! 
Just got back from Las Vegas. Hotel was fantastic in every way, but the fight was a total waste of time. The aggressor lost? 
.@FloydMayweather Good luck tonight Floyd. 
The racial divide in our country is almost at an all-time high - and getting worse every time you turn on the television. 
Baltimore had a really tough night - only great leadership can solve the many inner-city problems facing our country. Jobs, jobs, jobs! 
.@SheriffClarke Great insight in dealing with the media today. You are a wonderful representative of calm and reason, a real pro! 
I'm an activist, so I'm used 2 that &amp; I always applaud interest,but the people I know admire Trump" Thank you, nice. 
Plans to build wind farm near Trump Turnberry in Scotland have been dropped. GREAT! 
.@canoetravel Also, the very obsolete, ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in Aberdeen. No longer works. 
Beautiful, thank you. 
Thanks! 
Thank you. 
Via by talks 2016 run, jobs at 
My int. from discussing how politicians have failed us &amp; Making America Great Again! 
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- Henry Ford 
Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. 
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. 
If the working, proud and productive people of our country don't start exerting their authority and views, the U.S. as we know it is doomed! 
Why is no-one talking about the horrible murder of Ana Charle by ex-con thug West Spruill. Gunned down on street, naked. Why no riots here? 
Billions of dollars spent on Baltimore and it's still a total mess. Leadership is needed, not dollars. Our whole country is going to hell! 
.@CGasparino Good seeing you. Keep up the great work, never stop! 
Congrats for winning Fine Hotels &amp; Resorts 'Hotel Partner of The Year for 2014' award! 
.@NicolleDWallace is really hurting She is boring, predictable and has zero television "it" - show no longer has ratings, dying! 
I have been a guest on The View many times when it was successful show. Now the show is dying for lack of ratings. Too bad! 
They now say using the word "thug" is, like so many other words, not politically correct (even though Obama uses it). It is racist. BULL! 
Incredible handheld video of the Las Vegas Strip in 1969. The skyline looks better with 
Met a big fan today! 
I am going to Iowa today - sold out crowds. People don't want our country ripped-off anymore. Must stop now! 
I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots? 
Hopefully there won't be any problems in Baltimore tonight. Be calm, be cool-do not let anybody get hurt.There is just too much to live for! 
The best social program, by far, is a JOB! Our jobs are being taken away from us by China and many other countries - incompetent leader. 
President Obama, you have a big job to do. Go to Baltimore and bring both sides together. With proper leadership, it can be done! Do it. 
Our country has to come together. We have to start working with, and really liking, each other. The whole world is watching Baltimore. 
The Mayor of Baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters "space to destroy" - another real genius! 
Now that the ineffective Baltimore Police have allowed the city to be destroyed, are the U.S. taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again)? 
Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore! 
Blatant and rampant property destruction in Baltimore as the police stand by and watch. Should be a lesson on how NOT to handle riots. SAD! 
Wow, 15 policemen hurt in Baltimore, some badly! Where is the National Guard. Police must get tough, and fast! Thugs must be stopped. 
#TrumpAdvice 
My int w/ at #WHCD on my 2016 timetable, saving Social Security &amp; Making America Great Again! 
Nobody but Donald Trump will save Israel. You are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. Best! #SheldonAdelson 
Will be interviewed on at 7:00 - 5 minutes. Then I head to New Hampshire, great people! 
I will be interviewed by tonight on - Enjoy! 
I don't know if Hillary will be able to run, she is a walking time bomb! 
.@PennyPritzker Really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - that's where China and others are beating us. Best! 
.@NRO Really important to save National Review from going out of business. We need a true conservative voice! 
.@NRO Not much is as "dead" or irrelevant as National Review thanks to guidance of Goldberg, a total loser! Get some real talent or fold! 
.@WayneDupreeShow A fantastic guy! 
Congratulations to on your book going to number one on Amazon. Great book - Great job! 
How do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? We don't make anything. We are rapidly losing our manufacturing to China etc. 
#TrumpAdvice 
Looking forward to giving keynote speech tonight Lincoln-Reagan dinner in Virginia. 
Congrats to great golfer on his big win last week. Always been best putter. "Frost Wins for Trump" 
A beautiful article by on my newly opened golf course in NYC, Trump Links Ferry Point 
.@johnhawkinsrwn Great speaking to you today, we will speak again soon. 
Very good, must be tough! 
#TBT With Steven Spielberg in the old days- a great guy! 
Why are the Republicans giving Obama fast track authority for TPP and the Iran agreement?! Obama gets more from the GOP than his own party. 
Excited to be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday. The Granite State is a model for the country. Live Free or Die! 
.@GeraldoRivera Thanks, my champion Geraldo--and very true. 
.@ForbesInspector 5 Star &amp; #1 Luxury Hotel offers style, luxury &amp; impeccable service 
Do you notice that the polling establishment doesn't put me in polls, but put in folks who hardly register. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you! 
China has a backdoor into the Trans-Pacific Partnership. This deal does not address currency manipulation. China is laughing at us. 
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will lead to even greater unemployment. Do not pass it. 
Republicans should not be giving Obama fast track authority on trade. The Trans-Pacific Partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector 
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is an attack on America's business. It does not stop Japan's currency manipulation. This is a bad deal. 
I want to negotiate my own, and much better, trade deals for our country. MUST INCLUDE CURRENCY MANIPULATION (and more). DO NOT LET PASS! 
Congratulations to the Republicans in Congress. You are the only people Obama can out negotiate. #TimeToGetTough 
I'm getting The Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines tonight at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor! 
Looking forward to keynoting Lincoln-Reagan Gala this Friday at The Country Club at The Highlands. Sold out record crowd! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Ailsa Course changes: #TrumpTurnberry What a beautiful place! 
.@JonahNRO You should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing National Review instead of focusing on me. Work hard! 
.@NRO Wow, just looked at the stats for National Review. Dying fast, doing very little business. Save this conservative voice! 
#TrumpVlog Trouble in paradise for Clintons- 
Republicans have once again capitulated to Obama. This time on the Iran nuclear treaty. When will it end? 
ICYMI, my speech from this past Saturday at the via 
Via Interview with Donald Trump about Presidential Aspirations: It's all a deal" 
I guess is a lot smarter than dopes like &amp; Oh well, both mags are dying anyway. 
Wow, really nice, and unexpected, from Ed Schultz. Thank you, Ed! 
Glad to see that has been hired by as an analyst. Pete should be around baseball and in the Hall of Fame! 
.@stephenfhayes: I heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in New Hampshire. You just don't have what it takes! 
National Review may be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by No talent means death - sad! 
.@megynkelly Sorry, there was only one "breakout star" this weekend in New Hampshire. Just check out the local New Hampshire media! 
Jonah Goldberg of the once great #National Review is truly dumb as a rock. Why does put this dummy on his show? 
As I have long been saying, South Africa is a total - and very dangerous - mess. Just watch the evening news (when not talking weather). 
We are stupidly paying Iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. Why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? Really dumb! 
We are getting ready to protect Saudi Arabia against Iran &amp; others-sending ships. How much are they going to pay us toward this protection. 
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles will be the host in October for the 
Congratulations to for once again receiving the AAA Five Diamond Award for another year! 
Congratulations to for being selected as "Best of +VIP Access 2014" by 
.@weeklystandard I know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than 
How does failed writer and pundit like with no success and little talent, get away with criticizing candidates. 
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 - 30 minutes. Some very interesting topics. 
Just returned from New Hampshire where the crowd was great-and got a beautiful standing ovation! Wonderful people who truly love the U.S.A. 
For all of the haters and losers out there sorry, I never went Bankrupt -- but I did build a world class company and employ many people! 
.@georgewillf is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television. Got thrown off ABC like a dog. At Mar-a-Lago he was a total bust! 
I do what I do out of pure enjoyment. Hopefully, nobody does it better. Theres a beauty to making a great deal. It's my canvas. 
.@BretBaier Why do you have George Will on your show - he's exhausted, boring and not even a little relevant! Waste of good air-time! 
Looking forward to speaking at 1:30PM tomorrow in Nashua at Let's Make America Great Again! #FITN 
My int. w/Don Imus on not drinking alcohol, politicians being all talk and no action &amp; the border 
ISIS is operating a training camp 8 miles outside our Southern border We need a wall. Deduct costs from Mexico! 
The Republicans are funding ObamaCare and Amnesty. Obama beats them. 
Great seeing w/@realDonaldTrump at for 
.kimguilfoyle - great job tonight! 
America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedoms,it will be because we destroyed ourselves. A. Lincoln 
With our brand new Tennis Performance Center, offers countless activities along with top courses 
Rodolfo Rosas Moya and his pals in Mexico owe me a lot of money. Disgusting &amp; slow Mexico court system. Mexico is not a U.S. friend. 
My int. on simplifying the tax code, our incompetent leaders, Iran and making America great again 
#TBT Trump and Gekko- 
Via "Donald Trump takes steps toward 2016 presidential run" 
Our border is being breached daily by criminals. We must build a wall &amp; deduct costs from Mexican foreign aid! 
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Our Vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime &amp; anywhere! 
The top course on the west coast overlooks Pacific Ocean &amp; offers a luxurious public golf experience 
Had a great time in Myrtle Beach and Charleston this past Saturday and Monday. Looking forward to going back soon. 
Part 1 of my int. with discussing why I am strongly considering running for President 
The great in my office with my son 
See the amazing views from located directly on the Pacific Ocean- 
Marco Rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time - especially when in Miami - proper plan. Sweating profusely! 
Entrepreneurs: Don't be confined by expectations. There are no exact rules for negotiation--try to remain flexible and open to new ideas. 
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility, and it's the ideal situation to strive for. 
Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss? Don't negate your own power. 
Will be on at 7:00 this morning - enjoy! 
How do third rate talents with no smarts like get so much time on television news. Boring guy - really bad for ratings! 
Wow, Mitt Romney didn't know that Rand Paul was in the race for president. Very strange! 
A great Masters. The course looks so beautiful. Fantastic for golf and television ratings! 
.@T-Mobile has so many service complaints - a total joke! 
.@TMobile gives terrible service and has many complaints, just check. 
Thanks they are all total losers with nothing going for them! 
.@TMobile You service is absolutely terrible - get on the ball! 
.@JohnLegere T-Mobile service is terrible! Why can't you do something to improve it for your customers. I don't want it in my buildings. 
Without passion, you don't have energy; without energy, you have nothing. Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion! 
South Carolina and the audience were GREAT - THANKS! 
Thank you very much for the nice story, I greatly appreciate it- 
Spoke to a capacity crowd at Horry County Republican event earlier today. 
Heading to South Carolina now - meeting with fantastic people! 
Thanks Mark, they will! 
.@BretBaier Thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight. Many people watched and commented. 
The NRA in Nashville today was amazing. Packed house and standing ovation for Trump. THANKS! 
.@ericbolling did a fantastic job on O'Reilly tonight. Way to go Eric! 
Off to Nashville and the NRA. 
.@BretBaier I will be interviewed by Bret (on Fox) tonight at 6:00. Watch, it will be good! 
I will be speaking at the NRA event today in Nashville. Many friends will be there. 
Will be doing a big interview tonight with Bret Baier at 6:00 P.M. on Fox. Don't miss it! 
Record crowd and standing ovation at Simpson College in Iowa- lots of fun, wonderful audience! 
On my way to to receive the AAA Five Diamond Award. 
I had a great time in Iowa yesterday- record crowds, fantastic people! 
Meeting with Iowa State Senate Leaders 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Leaving now - I'm spending the entire day in Iowa - great people, great state! 
Wow, the respected Monmouth University poll has me ahead of most Republican candidates nationwide, and most people don't think I'm running! 
Many journalists are honest and great - but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum. They should.be weeded out! 
How much money is the extremely unattractive (both inside and out) Arianna Huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of his name? 
As dishonest as is I say is worse. Neither has much money - sue them and put them out of business! 
.@serenawilliams we look forward to being with you, a truly great champion, tomorrow at Trump National D.C. for the Tennis Center dedication 
Congratulations to on being named the #ROL15 award. Well-earned &amp; well-deserved! 
Looking forward to visiting on Wednesday to discuss education. Common Core is an attack on individual &amp; local rights! 
#TrumpAdvice 
.@RollingStone admitted their scam. Phony and others are no better-- total joke! 
Will be doing this morning at 7:00. ENJOY! 
.@ShawnJohnson have a great Easter, you are a real champion! 
I wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy Easter! 
Have a fantastic, beautiful and happy Easter everyone and then, when Easter is over, have great wins and triumphs in life. Never give up! 
That Saturday Night Live is able to joke about the Germanwings air tragedy is disgusting. They should apologize to all of those suffering! 
The Iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the United States and the world. It does nothing but make Iran rich and will lead to catastrophe 
Oil is under $50/barrel. Now is the time to increase sanctions against Iran, not lift them. No deal is better than a bad deal. #ArtOfTheDeal 
Watch my appearance from this week discussing nuclear negotiations with Iran- 
Entrepreneurs: Practice positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. Know that goals come with obstacles. 
Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. 
Entrepreneurs: Realize that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less. 
The townhall question segment of my Commitment 2016 Conversation Great questions/people #FITN 
One of the greatest tributes to a father I have ever witnessed--given to the great by his wonderful son 
#TrumpVlog Be careful with Iran. 
My friend is making a very special LP. Follow him. Conservative leader by day, likely 2015 GRAMMY winner by night. #LEGENDS 
Each day that Iran delays the deal, if that is what you call it, we must add another sanction, and make them progressively tough. 
Turn on now and enjoy true brilliance! 
I will be on tonight at 8:00. Enjoy! 
I will be on Bill O'Reilly's show tonight at 8 PM--talking about Iran and politics. 
Entrepreneurs: Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn. 
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Be tough, be strong, be tenacious. 
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you. 
There is only one fix for ObamaCare - REPEAL &amp; REPLACE with a free market oriented alternative! 
Iran is desperate to develop nukes. Congress must increase sanctions against Iran. 
The border is wide open for cartels &amp; terrorists. Secure our border now. Build a massive wall &amp; deduct the costs from Mexican foreign aid! 
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime! 
My Commitment 2016 Conversation with discussing leadership, China, healthcare &amp; veterans 
Wow, what a nice honor! 
The girlfriend of Lubitz, the wacko co-pilot who took down the plane, knew he was insane and should have reported him. Put her through hell 
The road to success is always under construction.
-- Arnold Palmer 
Looking forward to tonight's Ayrshire Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner 2015 
Looking forward to speaking Convention in Nashville The 2nd Amendment is a right, not a privilege! 
Entrepreneurs: Successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants. You've got to know where they're coming from. Pay attention! 
Entrepreneurs: When negotiating, don't be an open book. Know that the only person on your side might be yourself. 
Entrepreneurs: Seek opportunity, and see opportunity as a perk. You never know what will evolve. Keep an open mind! 
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.
-- 
Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion - five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back. U.S. has to get tough! 
If Saudi Arabia, which has been making one billion dollars a day from oil, wants our help and protection, they must pay dearly! NO FREEBIES. 
Pres. Obama was touting Yemen as a great success story - it just fell. Obama doesn't know what he is doing. Saudi Arabia is in big trouble. 
My int. on with at OPO discussing my potential candidacy &amp; making America great again 
via Only one man up for the job of president 
.@IvankaTrump's Favorite Miami Hot Spots 
Go to show - will be talking about OPO and plenty else - ENJOY! 
I am on now! 
Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude. 
Entrepreneurs: Trust your instincts, even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason. 
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. 
With in Washington, D.C. Old Post Office under construction. Tune in tonight at 7PM EST! 
My int. on why I am considering running for POTUS, negotiations &amp; making America great again 
Will be on tonight at 9:00. WILL BE TALKING ABOUT EVERYTHING! 
Will be on at 7:00 - 15 minutes! Enjoy. 
.@MiamiHerald discusses our #TrumpPets program 
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
 -- Winston Churchill 
Entrepreneurs: Let your actions show that you're the best. See each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level. 
Entrepreneurs: Learn to be succinct. Can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less? Be clear and concise. 
Entrepreneurs: Set the example, and you'll be a magnet for the right people. That's the best way to work with people you like. 
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles fronts the Pacific Ocean and has an 18 hole Pete Dye course. Beautiful! 
.@TrumpSoHo New York has interiors by celebrated design house Fendi Casa and 360 degree views of the city skyline. 
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point, an 18 hole public golf course in the Bronx, New York, is opening soon! 
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower, New York has the perfect Manhattan location &amp; is the signature restaurant. 
http://t.co/yeFArpJy8H 
THE DONALD J. TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL EXPLORATORY COMMITTEE-http://t.co/WARAdFgrrF 
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C., is located on 600 acres and fronts the Potomac River. Spectacular!http://t.co/KMaHBBQLXU 
Corey Lewandowski, Senior Political Adviser: "Mr.Trump has the vision and leadership skills to bring our country back to greatness." 
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. What's strong? What's weak? What's missing? 
Entrepreneurs: We win in our daily lives by being careful with every day, every moment. 
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Make your work count. 
Trump National Golf Club Bedminster, New Jersey, has courses designed by Tom Fazio &amp; 16 acres of practice facilities. 
.@foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. 
Boy did Pharrell &amp; Robin Thicke get screwed. The Marvin Gaye song sounds nothing like theirs. Get new lawyers fast! 
Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees, but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Know everything you can about what you're doing. 
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard &amp; then establish it. Simple, but not easy. Focus! 
Entrepreneurs: A winning attitude will put things in perspective. Keep negative thoughts &amp; people where they belong--out of the big picture. 
Wow, little Mac Miller has almost 100 million views on his song, "Donald Trump." Keep pushing Mac and come up with another hit - just do it! 
Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C. will be one of the world's top luxury hotels 
The problem with the U.S. is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future. Every nation beats us! 
Just as I have been saying for MANY years, and while they phony negotiate with the U.S. over nuclear, Iran is taking over Iraq. Really sad! 
Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up! 
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge. 
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. 
GET READY!! The #TrumpFerryPoint tee sheet opens TODAY 10am EST on our website for April 1st-30th! 
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the Cadillac WGC.Thanks 
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
 -- Benjamin Franklin 
I am happy to announce that the will be held at this year! Follow for more! 
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower New York has received great acclaim, as has our signature restaurant, Jean Georges 
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules. 
Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing. 
Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor. 
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best art
Andy Warhol 
The Blue Monster was a sensation over the weekend. Really tough but players &amp; critics alike loved it. 
Will be on at 7:00 - 5 minutes. 
Today's final round of the WGC Cadillac Championship will be amazing. A lot of pressure on leader, who has played great. Big names hunting! 
Golf is a game of respect and sportsmanship; we have to respect its traditions and its rules. -- Jack Nicklaus 
I have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone's golf game. It's called an eraser. -- Arnold Palmer 
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
 -- Gary Player 
Mexico's court system corrupt.I want nothing to do with Mexico other than to build an impenetrable WALL and stop them from ripping off U.S. 
Ringling Brothers is phasing out their elephants. I,for one, will never go again. They probably used the animal rights stuff to reduce costs 
Every sport evolves. Every sport gets bigger and more athletic, and you have to keep up. -- Tiger Woods 
Because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya, who owes me lots of money, Mexico will never again host the Miss Universe Pageant. 
Despite Mexico's interest in again hosting the Miss Universe Pageant, it will be because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya that it will never happen. 
I hope the Mexican judge is more honest than the Mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me. 
The mark of a great player is in his ability to come back. The great champions have all come back from defeat. -- Sam Snead 
Placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf. -- Ben Hogan 
Trump National Doral will have big crowds this weekend for the WGC. THE BLUE MONSTER IS READY FOR THE WORLD'S TOP FIFTY PLAYERS! 
The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win.
 -- Phil Mickelson 
Concentration is a fine antidote to anxiety.
 -- Jack Nicklaus 
The road to success is always under construction.
 -- Arnold Palmer 
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.
 -- Gary Player 
Just arrived at for the starting tomorrow- 
With my friends at the great Boost event at the at 
All 50 of the WORLD'S TOP 50 PLAYERS will be at TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL on Thursday - Sunday for the Cadillac World Golf Championship. 
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower, Vancouver, will be a fantastic addition to a spectacular city. 
Entrepreneurs: Follow your instincts and keep your focus intact. You alone know where you really want to go. 
Entrepreneurs: Paying attention can be a cost effective way of protecting yourself. 
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results. 
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere. 
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them 
Via by "Q&amp;A: Ivanka Trump on the Business of Golf &amp; the Championships" 
Be sure to watch my #CPAC2015 speech with intro by and a Q&amp;A with 
Via by "Donald Trump scolds Republicans: 'Toughen up'" 
"Donald Trump ready to end for White House run" via via by 
Via by "#REALTIME: Donald Trump Weighs a 2016 Run At #CPAC2015" 
Interview w/Melanie Batley via Newsmax 
#TBT With the cast of GoodFellas 
Via by "Trump hires Lewandowski as presidential run eyed" #FITN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Trump Int'l Hotel, Washington D.C.: The iconic Old Post Office Building will be one of the world's great hotels. 
"'Good Chance' Trump Will Run for President" via by 
The Mexican legal system is corrupt, as is much of Mexico. Pay me the money that is owed me now - and stop sending criminals over our border 
Trump International Golf Links and Hotel, Ireland, is located on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare. Spectacular! 
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles is situated on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean... 
Put the glamour, beauty &amp; mystery back in the Oscars and the ratings will zoom. Also, &amp; most importantly, the Oscars need credibility. 
The talks between the U.S. and Iran are going on forever, WORLD'S LONGEST NEGOTIATION. Obama has no idea what he is doing - incompetent! 
Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Believe in yourself--if you don't, no one else will either. 
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals -- and see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. 
Entrepreneurs: Review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't become complacent! 
Trump to host #Oscars? 
My int. with in South Carolina with cadets on my 757 discussing 2016 
The Oscars are a sad joke, very much like our President. So many things are wrong! 
What ever happened to the good old days of The Academy Awards. This show is an insult to the past, just plain bad! 
Worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the Oscars. Show is terrible, really BORING! 
Going to The Citadel tonight - getting The Nathan Hale Patriot Award. Very nice! 
"Donald Trump promises 'world-class' Crandon Park golf course" via by 
Via by Bill Van Smith: "@jacknicklaus reminisces amid honor at 
Entrepreneurs: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. Remember to focus on the solution--not the problem. 
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve. Have your own vision and stick with it! 
Entrepreneurs: Difficulties, mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business &amp; life. Remember to keep your equilibrium intact. 
Receiving the Algemeiner Liberty Award--a great honor. 
.@TrumpDoral will be featured on this morning (now). 
The winner of Best In Show of the 139th Miss P, visited today- 
Via 
Gov. Scott Walker just left my office--we had a really wonderful talk. Very interesting! 
Congrats to of TrumpCollection's #TrumpChicago on being a James Beard semifinalist: via 
Entrepreneurs: Ignorance is not bliss, it's fatal. It's costly. Pay attention or get crushed. Watch, listen and learn. 
Entrepreneurs: Pay attention to your negotiation skills. It's all about persuasion, and persuasion is power. 
Entrepreneurs: It's often to your advantage to be underestimated. 
Record setting cold and snow, ice caps massive! The only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons - incompetent pols. 
President Obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against Grand Master Chess champions. Very sad to watch! 
Looking forward to being honored at Patriot Dinner with in Charleston, SC this Sunday 
My joint int. on with recapping &amp; discussing the 2016 election 
Among the lowest temperatures EVER in much of the United States. Ice caps at record size. Changed name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE 
The winner of Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Show, Miss P, will be coming to my office this morning. 
Jusr arrived at the studio - the place is going wild! LIVE AT 8 P.M. #CELEBRITYAPPRENTICE 
Paulina Vega will be introduced tonight at the Finale of Celebrity Apprentice.She is a great beauty and a monster star in S.A. 
Via by "EXCLUSIVE: Donald Trump talks possible presidential run"
http://t.co/1DpR2ybPU6 
Apprentice will be amazing tomorrow night! 
Wow, 25 degrees below zero, record cold and snow spell. Global warming anyone? 
.#Celebrityapprentice will be live tomorrow night. Entire cast will be there. Who do you like to win? 
As a former host of Saturday Night Live, I look forward to attending tonight! 
Record low temperatures and massive amounts of snow. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING? 
Congratulations to on your Forbes Five-Star ratings 
I look forward to attending Saturday Night Live on Sunday night. I am sure it will be a great show. 
The entire cast will be back for the live finale of Monday night at 8 PM 
.#CelebrityApprentice Two hour live show on Monday night will determine who will become the winner of Celebrity Apprentice.Full cast returns 
stands in defense of college record Donald J. Trump stands in... 
#TBT With 
Entrepreneurs: See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. 
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. 
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count. 
Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the great palazzos of the world, with a fantastic history. 
Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, is close to Palm Beach and designed by Jack Nicklaus--a masterpiece of a course. 
Who should win Celebrity Apprentice on Monday night? Show will be telecast LIVE! 
Let Pete Rose into the Hall of Fame now - 35 years is enough! 
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland, fronts the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare for 2.5 miles. Extraordinary! 
Entrepreneurs: Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. Don't sell yourself short! 
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. 
Entrepreneurs: Listen and learn from others, but make your own decisions. Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude! 
Brian Williams, who is not the nice guy that people think he is, has now become totally irrelevant. He will never again hold court! 
I have long stated that Brian Williams was not a very smart guy - all you have to do is look at his past. Now he has proven me correct! 
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort. 
Entrepreneurs: Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it. 
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. 
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes 
With America's debt topping $21T by the end of his presidency, Obama will have effectively bankrupted our country. 
Why did give so much time to sell his third rate book. Bill should have hit stammering David MUCH harder! Waste 
.@davidaxelrod I hope your book is better than the Obama second book, but it is inaccurate as it pertains to me - but no big deal, boring! 
.@davidaxelrod, use Buffet, Icahn, Sam Zell, Leon Black, Kravis, Caesars and many more when talking about using the bankruptcy laws, not me! 
Watched on and the dog hit me even after I made a big contribution to his charity. I never went bankrupt! 
Via by "Donald Trump: US Defeating ISIS Only in John Kerry's Imagination" 
Celebrity Apprentice is nearing the end of a wonderful and very successful season. Watch tonight at 8:00. 
"Donald Trump plans return to Iowa "
http://t.co/gy2CcmoJfk via 
Via "The Donald at 
I predicted Rosie O'Donnell would fail at the View, and was right. Now I predict Rosie will take over for Brian Williams! 
Word is that Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd, who has failed so badly with Meet the Press, will be taking over for now irrelevant Brian Williams! 
Happy Birthday President Reagan #FlashbackFriday 
The golden rule of negotiation: He who has the gold makes the rules. 
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results. 
My father's 4 step formula for success: "Get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out." -- Fred C. Trump 
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- 
Benjamin Franklin 
Trump Int'l Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland. A legendary course ... and rightly so. 
Entrepreneurs: Be a cautious optimist. I call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. 
Via The Washington Times "Mr. Trump buzzes the presidential radar" 
Entrepreneurs: Having a product requires something very important--you have to think about the market. Do your due diligence. 
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. 
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein 
I just answered my Facebook fan's questions in the latest #AskTheDonald- watch the video- 
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower, Toronto. #1 in all of Canada. 
 
Entrepreneurs: Be curious. Discovery breeds discovery, just as success breeds success. Don't sell yourself short. 
Entrepreneurs: See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. Take responsibility for yourself! 
Entrepreneurs: Don't put blinders on or limit yourself. Reach out, seek and explore. The opportunities are always there. 
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago has won many awards &amp; accolades, as has Sixteen, its signature restaurant. 
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point in the Bronx, NY, will open soon. A Jack Nicklaus Signature Design. Beautiful. 
#CelebApprentice With three wonderful, but fired, contestants- 
Congratulations for being named in Top 10 US Hotels for Business Travelers! 
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C. is on 600 beautiful acres fronting the Potomac River. A fantastic setting! 
Entrepreneurs: Is the problem a blip or a catastrophe? Keep things in perspective. Learn to expect problems and keep moving forward. 
Entrepreneurs: Money is not always the bottom line: it can be a score card, not the final score. 
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good. 
Are all the illegals pouring into our country vaccinated? I don't think so. Great danger to U.S. 
Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00. 
Via by "3 lessons about loyalty that I learned from Donald Trump" 
Trump National Golf Club, Los Angeles, on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean--spectacular!http://t.co/lydaXl5hOU 
Entrepreneurs: Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth. 
Entrepreneurs: Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself. 
Entrepreneurs: Set your mind on winning and losing won't have a chance. See yourself as victorious! 
Tonight's episode of is not only the best episode ever, it has a great lesson in life. Don't miss it! 
It must have been President Obama that called in what will go down as the DUMBEST PLAY IN THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL. Same thought process! 
I wonder if Marshawn Lynch will now speak and call some coach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard? 
Love that Patriots won - Brady is best ever! Seahawks pass was DUMBEST play in the history of football! Great going COACH B! 
Via by John Skipper: "North Iowan says Trump serious about POTUS run - but he'll have to prove it" 
I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl but looking even more forward to Monday night at 8:00 - best episode EVER of Celebrity Apprentice! 
Via Wears 2014's $300,000 Crown, Nails Beauty Pageant Winner Look" 
I hope you can go to and vote for Donald Trump in order to Make America Great Again! Thanks. 
Thanks Patti, I hope they vote 
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- Henry Ford 
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will be a new landmark in a fantastic city 
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. 
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and then establish it. 
Entrepreneurs: Knowledge requires patience, action requires courage. Put patience and courage together and you'll be a winner . 
Trump Int'l Golf Links Ireland in County Clare fronts the Atlantic Ocean &amp; is #1 Resort in Europe/Conde Nast Traveler 
Congrats to celebrating 51 consecutive months as the #1 Honolulu Hotel on 
"Fallout from Iowa: Trump Speech Drew Greatest Response" via by Jim Meyers 
Via "Trump, Make Up After Digs at Each Other" 
Via by "DONALD TRUMP FIRES ENTIRE 2016 GOP FIELD" 
Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees. But being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Do your due diligence! 
Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Don't give in and don't give up! 
Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Listen, apply and move forward. Set the standard! 
Many people are saying it was wonderful that Mrs. Obama refused to wear a scarf in Saudi Arabia, but they were insulted.We have enuf enemies 
Thanks Joe! 
.@oreillyfactor - bad and very deceptive journalism. Show must be heading in wrong direction, too bad! 
.@SarahPalinUSA was 100% correct when she stated that used us in day long tease to get people to watch, but we were not on! 
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business. 
Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. 
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. 
Congratulations are in order! ranks #5 Top Hotel in Panama by #TravelersChoice Awards! 
#TrumpVlog Obama- stop chewing gum! 
My parents:
"Trust in God and be true to yourself." -- Mary MacLeod Trump
"Know everything you can about what you're doing." Fred C. Trump 
.@TrumpCollection continues to deliver the goods 
#IndianaJones and #Ghostbusters- what's wrong??? 
Via by Eugene R. Dunn, Medford: "Donald Trump towers over GOP field" "They hate us because they ain't us." 
Getting ready to go on - two great people! 
I guess Rupert Murdoch and the don't like Donald Trump. Such false reporting about my big hit in Iowa. Even my enemies said "bull." 
Wow, I have always liked the but they have really lied when they covered me in Iowa. Packed house, standing O, best speech! Sad. 
Going over to to do LIVE at 9:00. 
Congratulations to the 7 properties who made Best Hotels List: 
.@Lord_Sugar How did you enjoy Mar-a-Lago? It was nice having you there--my people thought you were terrific! 
Via by "Why Donald Trump is Right" 
So many people have told me that I should host Meet the Press and replace the moron who is on now. Just too busy, especially next 10 years! 
Apprentice = big hit. Miss Universe = Big hit. I always get big ratings. If I hosted Meet the Press instead of Sleepy Eyes,a smash! 
I am convinced that sleepy eyes Chuck Todd was only a placeholder for someone else at Meet the Press. He bombed, franchise in ruins! 
President Obama, our great leader, wants to declare martial law in New York City as a means of helping out with the "massive" storm. 
Wow, the final ratings for the Miss Universe Pageant show that it won in all key demos - number one on Sunday. I have a winner! 
As usual, the "storm of the century" was not nearly as bad as forecast. What a waste of time, energy and money! 
All new starts right now! 
Watch Celebrity Apprentice, on NOW! 
Celebrity Apprentice in 15 minutes - don't miss it! 
Two of the best ever episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 8. Totally vicious and crazy! I will live tweet. 
Where the hell is global warming when you need it? 
Why do people give contributions when they know he is a loser who has no idea how to win? 
.@VenueMagazine_ highlights the opening of brand new #RedTiger course: 
.@MissUniverse ratings were great! A big win and a wonderful night! 
A huge honor for for being named #1 Luxury Hotel in Canada by #TravelersChoice Awards 
Get ready for the Apprentice tonight - TWO AMAZING EPISODES. I will be live tweeting! 
Don't miss the #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 8/7c with performances by and 
"Donald Trump: Jeb Bush's Support of Common Core 'a Disaster'" via by Dr. Susan Berry 
Via by Rich Schapiro: "Donald Trump slams Mitt Romney, Jeb Bush" 
Word is that is firing sleepy eyes Chuck Todd in that his ratings on Meet the Press are setting record lows. He's a real loser! 
.@MannyPacquiao and friends at 
Thanks to for the kind introduction at the IA Freedom Summit &amp; congrats to &amp; on a great success! 
Via by "Trump: I can make America great again" 
Via by "Trump Blasts Romney, Bush; Says GOP Has 'Nobody Like Trump'" 
Watch the 63rd Annual Pageant tomorrow on NBC at 8PM! 
With from #TheBachelor in Iowa- 
Via by "Trump to hand out Trump memorabilia at Iowa summit" 
"Trump rails on Romney as possible 2016 contender" via by 
Via by "Trump: 'I would've won the race against Obama'" 
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
 -- Albert Einstein 
With oil below $50, the blighted views by windfarms of historic will be very sad. #SaveCulzean 
Just leaving for in Iowa--standing room only. My great honor. 
Just been informed by want to extend the run of the by two shows because it is doing so well. Two hours live. 
The contestants review their amazing stay at 
Which National Costume do you think should win? 
Which National Costume do you think should win? 
Which National Costume do you think should win? 
Which National Costume do you think should win? 
#TBT With the wonderful actor Jack Nicholson 
Which National Costume do you think should win? 
Entrepreneurs: Everything starts with you. Realize that you're in charge. Whatever happens, you're responsible. 
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Put everything you've got into what you're doing. 
Entrepreneurs: Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you. 
The new winter menu explores the evolution of fine dining - 
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
 -- T. S. Eliot 
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain 
Dress your best! The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available offers the tops style in menswear 
Congress, use the power of the purse. STOP AMNESTY! 
Congratulations to on delivering a strong conservative message in her #SOTU response. Joni will be a great senator. 
Be sure to watch highlights from the record setting 14th season of here 
ICYMI, my speech this past Monday at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach #SCTeaParty15 
Miss Israel and Miss Lebanon- "no more fighting!" #TrumpVlog #MissUniverse 
Based on new oil prices, the ugly windfarms being built in Scotland will quickly die! What a mess! 
If Scotland would have gone independent predicated on $100 - $150 oil, they would now be bust! 
With and from two great people! 
Congratulations to and for receiving the Five Diamond Award again this year! 
ICYMI, int. on discussing &amp; contestant rivalries on 
Tomorrow on the Facebook page submit your final question for the contestants- 
Great list of spring travel ideas from our properties: 
With Joan Rivers and ivankatrump from last night's great boardroom! 
Via "Donald Trump puts Tea Party on map for 2016" 
"Trump at Tea Party"
http://t.co/mxogYWkq8z via 
New episode starting now! 
"Trump arrives for SC Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach"
http://t.co/Gg0Evnb5FR via 
"AIR FORCE TRUMP: AHEAD OF 2016, THE DONALD SLAMS ROMNEY, BUSH IN SOUTH CAROLINA" via by 
Joan Rivers on The Apprentice tonight at 8:00. I will be live tweeting. JOAN WAS GREAT! 
Via by "Donald Trump states case for becoming POTUS at SC Tea Party convention"
http://t.co/b3HWGXEkXu 
.@foxandfriends in five minutes! 
The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. Joan Rivers puts on a great show! 
I will be on tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy! 
I look forward to being in South Carolina tomorrow, a total sellout crowd! 
Via by "Donald Trump praises as 'strong,' 'vibrant' in return" 
Via "Donald Trump Knows How To (Tea) Party - THE DONALD PLANS SPLASHY LANDING IN MYRTLE BEACH, S.C." 
Monday night at 8:00 will be must see television. Our wonderful Joan Rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the Apprentice. AMAZING! 
Via "Donald Trump headlines Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach" Looking forward to visiting SC on Monday! 
"Donald Trump donates land to conservation group in Palos Verdes"
http://t.co/l7FFgaMOqW via 
The episode of the Apprentice that everyone has been waiting for....Joan Rivers stars, and she is and does GREAT! Next Monday night at 8:00 
Despite what the haters and losers like to say, I never filed for bankruptcy but WOW, the preeminent gaming company, Caesars, just did. 
Looking forward to keynoting the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach on Monday at 3:20PM! 
If the morons who killed all of those people at Charlie Hebdo would have just waited, the magazine would have folded - no money, no success! 
Charlie Hebdo reminds me of the "satirical" rag magazine Spy that was very dishonest and nasty and went bankrupt. Charlie was also broke! 
The new Red Tiger course at Follow for more great photos. 
#CelebApprentice Photo from last night's boardroom. 
#CelebApprentice Another exciting episode -tune in next Monday at 8pm for 2 more new episodes! 
#CelebApprentice who do you think won? 
#CelebApprentice What do you think of the new teams/PMs? 
#CelebApprentice stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight! 
#CelebApprentice Time for the first firing of the night. 
#CelebApprentice #TeamVortex or #TeamInfinity? 
#CelebApprentice Selfies- yes or no? 
#CelebApprentice what do you think of the choices for project manager? 
#CelebApprentice We always make sure to have great NYC locations for the task delivery. 
Let's go! #CelebApprentice 
#CelebApprentice I will be live tweeting(no spoilers) during tonight's all new at 8PM ET. 
Lights... Camera....You're Fired! All new tonight at 8PM ET on NBC! 
My int. w/@morningmika, &amp; f/@trumpdoral on why Romney shouldn't be nominee
http://t.co/ziooSi5VTO 
Some of the women on Celebrity Apprentice are absolutely crazy - maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television. Watch tonight! 
Tonight at 8:00 is a really big one for a double episode of Celebrity Apprentice. Watch, you won't believe what happens! 
Remember, at 7:00 A.M. and Celebrity Apprentice at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
Will be on tomorrow morning at 7:00. 
Get ready for two amazing episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tomorrow night (Monday) at 8:00. Some incredible things happen! 
The French police are afraid to go into many communities. How did France let this all happen, and how did the female terrorist ever escape? 
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results. 
Entrepreneurs: Business is a creative endeavor. Being innovative = being open to new ideas. Keep an open mind! 
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Give your work 100% of your concentrated effort. 
Watch my appearance on from last night- 
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
 -- Henry Ford 
.@ximenaNR Great job, we are all proud of you - one of our all time BEST! 
You may want to watch David Letterman tonight - I am on! 
Via by "Donald Trump: France's Strict Gun Laws Enabled Attack"
http://t.co/4YkDDwRdu1 
I will be on tonight. Be sure to watch! Always a great time. 
#TBT With Tommy Lee Jones at Mar-a-Lago. 
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill 
It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming, we need some fast! 
Goodnight everyone, sleep tight! 
Politicians are ALL TALK, NO ACTION! --- just look at our country. 
Who is paying for that tedious Smokey Bear commercial that is on all the time - enough already! 
Almost no news organizations are showing the "satirical" pictures. Gee, I wonder why? The media is usually so brave! 
I would like to thank for the really nice review of Trump National Doral - Best Renovation of the Year (and maybe all time). 
Remember, when guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns! 
If the people so violently shot down in Paris had guns, at least they would have had a fighting chance. 
Congratulations to new Congressman being named to House Foreign Affairs Comm. and co-chair the House Republican Israel Caucus. 
Why does Obama continue to release the worst of the worst from Gitmo?! Look at Paris and wake up! 
My condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in Paris. 
Via by "Exclusive: Trump To Address South Carolina Tea Party Convention" 
Congress must repeal ObamaCare. Obama will veto while Americans continue to lose their doctors &amp; pay rising premiums. 
Congrats to on today's inauguration and having done a great job! 
.@JuddApatow I agree! 
Learn more about and some of our spectacular real estate in NYC- 
.@kevinjonas was great but he brought the wrong person into the boardroom. Had he brought Lorenzo in, he would not have been fired. 
Wow, despite the switch to Monday night, ratings were higher than even the Sunday night show. 
Remember, after this, new episode starts - 5 MINUTES! 
I will be live tweeting! 
Celebrity Apprentice starts in 15 minutes on NBC. ENJOY! 
Remember, tonight (Monday), the second and third episodes of The Apprentice are on at 8:00 &amp; 9:00. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN! 
Via TV Highlights:@ApprenticeNBCon 
.@peachespulliam at this afternoon- a wonderful woman. It was an honor to donate $25K to her charity. 
Wow, great ratings for Don't forget watch 2 new episodes tonight at 8PM on 
#CelebApprentice We had lots of fun last night with the live tweeting so I will do it again tonight from 8-10pm. 
Don't forget, episodes 2 and 3 of are on tonight at 8PM and 9PM on 
I will be on at 7:00 A.M. Will be talking about many things, including The Apprentice! 
I will be LIVE tweeting tomorrow (MONDAY) nights TWO shows starting at 8:00 P.M. They are both great. 
This show was taped just before the terrible Bill Cosby revelations came to light.She still should have asked him for money-goes to charity. 
Hope you liked it. Tune in tomorrow night at 8:00 and 9:00 for two episodes and two boardrooms! Will be a great evening of television! 
How do you like the boardroom so far? 
This boardroom gets CRAZY! These people are wild 
Who do you like - hate so far? 
It's still exciting after all these years - and this cast is special! 
This is going to be a special season - truly great characters and cast. You will soon see! 
In less than 30 minutes- watch the season premiere of on NBC. 
#CelebApprentice returns tonight at 9/8c on NBC- 
Everyone is asking me to cover The Apprentice LIVE on twitter. I will do so. Tonight 9 to 11. IT WILL BE A GREAT EVENING OF TELEVISION! 
#CelebApprentice Who will hear those two famous words? premieres tomorrow at 9/8c on NBC. 
By popular demand I will be tweeting during tomorrow's record 14th season premiere of on at 9/8c 
My int. by w/@IvankaTrump discussing the Sunday premiere of 14th season 
I will be commenting LIVE on Sunday night (9 to 11) on TWITTER - Celebrity Apprentice will be great this season - amazing cast! 
I just saw the movie "Unbroken" -- very good except I thought the ending was weak, no retribution! And we complain about waterboarding. 
.@ApprenticeNBC season premiere this Sunday at 9/8c on 
The Mar-a-Lago Club was amazing tonight. Everybody was there, the biggest and the hottest. Palm Beach is so lucky to have best club in world 
To EVERYONE, including all haters and losers, HAPPY NEW YEAR. Work hard, be smart and always remember, WINNING TAKES CARE OF EVERYTHING! 
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. 
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. Find work that you love and the energy will be there. 
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable. 
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. 
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. 
The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available at tops all menswear styles. Dress to impress! 
This Sunday at 9/8C, the real playoffs begin with the premiere of Game on in the Boardroom... 
.@CoachDanMullen Great to have you and your GREAT team at Trump National Doral. Go out and finish your fantastic season in style! 
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. 
If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big. 
Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully or write poetry. I like making deals, preferably big deals. That's how I get my kicks. 
in two minutes. 
Can the relationship between the mayor of New York City and the police force ever be fixed? Tune in to at 7:15. 
I will be on tomorrow morning at 7:15" Hope you enjoy and agree! 
Merry Christmas to all - have a fantastic day, year and life! The World, with great leadership, will become a much more beautiful place! 
So many people think I will not run for President.Wow, I wonder what the response will be if I do. Even the haters and losers will be happy! 
Dummy Bill Maher did an advertisement for the failing New York Times where the picture of him is very sad-he looks pathetic, bloated &amp; gone! 
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. 
Entrepreneurs: Absorb, assess, and then act. Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt, know you can deal with it. 
Entrepreneurs: Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss? 
So excited to have performing at the 2015 #CadillacChampionship at 
Congrats for being named one of the Most Notable Openings of 2014 from 
Plan a perfect weekend for the holidays in NYC's hottest neighborhood using 20% offer 
Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible. 
Entrepreneurs: Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you. 
Entrepreneurs: Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you. 
On in two minutes! 
Will be interviewed on tomorrow morning - Monday - at 8:00. Much to talk about! 
Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself, you can do it. Think Big! 
#FlashbackFriday Just after I did my renovation in Central Park of -http://t.co/TJlwPJ891H 
A Clinton already defeated a Bush. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing twice &amp; expecting a different result. 
If only Obama would treat with the same respect he awards tyrants. Very strange &amp; dangerous for our national security. 
My interview discussing why we do not need another Bush 
Another clip from my interview discussing why Sony should not have capitulated to the hackers No Courage! 
Amy Pascal of Sony was totally used by Rev. Al Sharpton. She should be fired for stupidity. 
Great interview with on discussing the real estate economy &amp; 2016 
Must watch interview on discussing #Girlpower 
Will be interviewed tonight at 7 by re Sony &amp; Bush 
#TBT It is great being part of Home Alone 2, a holiday staple. 
I'll be co-hosting tonight. Be sure to tune in! 
We fully support in Turnberry--great for beauty &amp; tourism. Wind turbines are death to environment. 
Congratulations for making #GoldList2015! 
#TrumpVlog #TheInterviewMovie A sad day for freedom of speech- 
After destroying the Middle East &amp; our economy, the Bushes last gift was having Justice Roberts legalize ObamaCare. No more Bushes! 
My int, with on the state of world affairs, economy, the Bushes etc.
 
Story written by a reporter that the HuffPost refused to print. Total bias, but we will prevail! 
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill 
Tweet me your New Year's resolution to make America great again! #TrumpNewYearsRes 
Obama has admitted that he spends his mornings watching Then he plays golf, fundraises &amp; grants amnesty to illegals. 
Obama attacks the CIA for waterboarding while routinely droning civilians caught in the Islamist crosshairs. 
THE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH! 
C-SPAN/Conversation with Donald Trump/Economic Club of Washington, DC 
How many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending #SmokeyBearHug commercial. How much is govt. spending? 
30 million Americans are unemployed yet Obama has set up workshops across the country for illegals to get Amnesty 
The CIA deserves our praise for taking the fight to the enemy in the dark corners of the world. The CIA perseveres, the politicians whine! 
The lights went out at the White House today Symbolic of the Obama presidency. 
Looking forward to tonight's conversation w/ David Rubenstein Airing live on at 7PM EST 
.@Zagat named Christmas Day Brunch one of the best in the city! #TrumpHolidays 
I will be on at 7:00 - in 10 minutes. HAVE A GREAT DAY ALL! 
Al Sharpton loves "Trump" because he knows I get him, others don't! Check out picture. 
No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal. 
Can you believe that Sony chief Amy Pascal wants to meet with Al Sharpton to seek forgiveness for her racial slurs. Al is laughing at her! 
The Jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick, who will be really good. It will just never change for them! 
Isn't it interesting that immediately after September 11th, everybody was asking for, and indeed demanding, torture of any kind. No reports! 
When terrorists are beheading and executing American citizens in such a brutal way,the report on torture should be the least of our concerns 
The terrorists cut off the heads of Americans and laugh, then want to sell us the bodies for $1,000,000. We fight over sleep deprivation! 
If America was under the threat of imminent attack, would Obama use torture or a kiss? 
#TBT My confirmation picture at First Presbyterian Church in Jamaica, NY. 
Policy towards our enemies: Hit them hard, hit them fast, hit them often &amp; then tell them it was because they are the enemy! 
I will miss &amp; doing his show. He was always intriguing &amp; smart. You never knew what would happen -- but he was fair! 
Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Then go with your gut. Your instincts r there for a reason 
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. And never give up! 
Entrepreneurs: View any conflict as an opportunity. Being positive could lead you into a fortunate situation. 
Conde Nast made a big mistake going into the World Trade Center. The place is a total disaster, and I feel this is only the beginning! 
People are really unhappy with the endless security checks at the new World Trade Center. Durst is a terrible manager. Tenants furious! 
Durst is a disaster at operating the new World Trade Center. It takes forever for workers or visitors to get in with impossible security. 
RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber apologized for his comments. He should apologize for the $2T monstrosity &amp; return all taxpayer money. 
Via by "Trump adds events to his Iowa trip next month" 
Looking forward to being hosted &amp; interviewed next Monday by David Rubenstein at the 
 
President Obama, Gruber and all of the other Obama cronies got ObamaCare passed by lies and fraudulent statements. Courts should overturn! 
Glad to see RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber being eviscerated on the Hill today. He should return all taxpayer money he was paid. 
ObamaCare continues to increase insurance premiums &amp; raise record deductibles. New Congress must use every tool to defund. 
Very sad &amp; dangerous that soon to be ex-Intelligence Chair Dianne Feinstein released the CIA report. Glad she is losing her Comm. Chair. 
With imposing dunes on the rugged Aberdeenshire coastline, Championship Course is a masterpiece 
We're missing a lot of information on autism. Support project by visiting mss.ng #MSSNG 
Sorry, is a mentally sick woman, a bully, a dummy and, above all, a loser. Other than that she is just wonderful! 
.@GolfMagazine is great, thanks! 
Thank you for your fantastic review of The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral - "BEST U.S. RESORT RENOVATION" - &amp; "ALL TIME" 
Wow, just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Even better they stated it may be best of all time! 
Our country and our "leaders" are getting dumber all the time. Now they are about to release full documentation on torture. Will destroy CIA 
Obama opposes sanctions on Iran They are laughing at Kerry &amp; Obama! 
"When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't." -- Thomas A. Edison 
Congratulations to on a decisive win this past Saturday. Bill will be a pro-growth &amp; pro-energy Senator. 
The CIA report should not be released. Puts our agents &amp; military overseas in danger. A propaganda tool for our enemies. 
Home of represents all that is Miami: energy, glamour, innovation &amp; luxury 
They should close down Rolling Stone Magazine after the phony rape charge story. University of Virginia should sue them for big bucks! 
I'll be on this morning at 7:00. So much to talk about! 
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself! If you don't, no one else will either. 
Entrepreneurs: You have to have passion. If you love your work, success will follow. 
I never gave anybody hell! I just told the truth and they thought it was hell. -- Harry S. Truman 
#TBT With James Lipton on the set of 
Obama is giving Social Security &amp; ObamaCare to illegals, yet wants to cut military benefits Disgrace! 
Looking forward to speaking at prestigious on December 15th 
.@Newsmax by "Donald Trump Tells Why He's Eyeing the White House.I'll Tell You Why He Could Win." 
Via NYTimes, What's Your Ideal Gadget? 
State Department has not revoked a single passport of ISIS Americans We should send them to Gitmo for some R&amp;R. 
Congress must pass a budget and hold Obama to it. No more continuing resolutions and no more excuses. Republicans soon hold both houses. 
With magnificent views, is the perfect venue to host impact events &amp; business meetings 
The cast of the new season of apprenticenbc. Premieres January 4th on NBC. 
Yesterday our national debt topped a record $18T. Over 44% has accrued under Obama. A real mess. 
Via "Real Estate Magnate Donald J. Trump to Headline 2015 in West Des Moines, Iowa" 
Via by "Trump to speak at in West Des Moines" 
Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Keep your focus intact! 
Young entrepreneurs: Your success is measured by results. Be productive in the face of challenges. Setbacks are not fatal. 
Tickets are now available for the 2015 at March 4-8: 
So sad that Burt Reynolds has lost all of his money. I wish he came to me for advice--he would be rich as hell! 
Via Newsmax. Nice article, thank you so much. 
If ObamaCare should not be repealed then why has Obama &amp; Congress exempted their staffs? 
Obama is community organizing from the Oval Office on Ferguson today. More riots sure to follow. 
Now Obama is keeping our soldiers in Afghanistan for at least another year. He is losing two wars simultaneously. 
Congratulations to on quickly repairing the Lasker Rink. Record skaters this past Thanksgiving! 
#TrumpVlog wasn't even a short term fix at The View. 
#TrumpVlog needs to rest and relax. It's not working. 
Ratings way down, show irrelevant. Why haven't they learned? always fails. 
Just as I predicted would fail on The View- 
THE U.S.G.A. Boy's Junior Champion at Trump National Golf Club, Bedminster, just won The Australian Open. We are proud of you 
I will be on at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy! 
Bill Cosby is foolish, stupid, or getting bad advice in remaining silent if he is innocent. Probably guilty! Not a fan. 
Happy Thanksgiving - I hope everyone can get together to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It won't be easy, nothing is, but it can be done. 
Thank you! 
Great write-up on about our new Executive Sous Chef Sydney Jones 
Find something for everyone on your list with this Holiday Gift Guide from on Tumblr: 
There is nothing did not think about for the holidays - dives in: 
Congrats for being named #3 Best Business Hotel in Chicago in 2014 World's Best 
Congratulations to for being named #1 Best Business Hotel in NYC in 2014 World's Best Business Hotels. 
President Obama has absolutely no control (or respect) over the African American community-they have fared so poorly under his presidency. 
If you love it, own it. bring unparalleled style, elegance and world class amenities to Las Vegas 
Who is the moron who decided to release the Ferguson grand jury findings after 9:00 o'clock in the evening. What were they thinking? 
Our country is totally fractured and, with our weak leadership in Washington, you can expect Ferguson type riots and looting in other places 
Sadly, because president Obama has done such a poor job as president, you won't see another black president for generations! 
As China and the rest of the World continue to rip off the U.S. economically, they laugh at us and our president over the riots in Ferguson! 
Can you imagine what Putin and all of our friends and enemies throughout the world are saying about the U.S. as they watch the Ferguson riot 
If the decision by the grand jury in Ferguson was the exact opposite, you would still be having the riots right now! 
Despite having a black president, the racial divide seems greater than it has in decades.If Obama were a leader, this would not be the case 
Why would they announce a finding of the grand jury in Ferguson at 9:00 in the evening - a prime time for riots! Not smart. 
Iran and the United States just pushed deadline back SEVEN MONTHS on working out a nuclear deal. Iran is tapping along our bad negotiators! 
ISIS is starting its own currency. May be stronger than the dollar if ObamaCare is fully implemented. 
There is no excuse for riots in Ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome. 
Premiering on January 4th, the 14th season of will have major fireworks every episode. The Board Room is electric! 
Congratulations to Chuck Hagel on one of the shortest tenures as Sec. of Defense. Another terrible appointee by Obama. 
#TrumpVlog Hagel quits- 
Great #Thanksgiving travel and parade watching tips by including an option
 from 
I will be on at 7:00 - there is much to talk about (sadly)! Enjoy! 
Tom Brady played great today. He is a total champ and a really nice guy, a rare combination! 
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are racist? 
.@aaronschock Aaron, it was great to meet you at Trump Tower. Also, really good job on television! 
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere. 
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge. 
If you really want to succeed, you'll have to go for it every day. The big time isn't for slackers. Keep up your stamina and remain curious. 
They're going to riot in Ferguson no matter what. 
You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal. -- The Art of the Deal 
With multiple space options, is the ideal venue to hold your dream wedding
 
Awarded 5 stars from offers 261 rooms &amp; 115 suites in the center of downtown Toronto 
Iraq should be paying us while we fight ISIS. Give the money to the families of our brave soldiers. 
.@BlairKamin Sorry sucker, as usual you lose again. You couldn't work for me for 10 seconds. Bad critic-- great sign. 
I enjoyed meeting with to discuss why our government must address currency manipulation. Many US jobs are at stake. 
"The Trumping of Turnberry" via Links Magazine 
Repubs must not allow Pres Obama to subvert the Constitution of the US for his own benefit &amp; because he is unable to negotiate w/ Congress. 
I am no fan of Bill Cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent, do not remain silent. You look guilty as hell! 
Sneak peek of Trump's trio of spectacular new seaside holes on the famed Ailsa course/@TrumpTurnberry 
Open for the 2014 season, Mar-a-Lago Club is an architectural masterpiece offering the finest amenities in the world 
Power Lunching next to the #BlueMonster: via cc 
There are many Jonathan Gruber types selling the global warming "stuff" - and they really do believe the American public is stupid. 
Entrepreneurs: always remember that deals are fluid. Terms are always negotiable and time can be the best option for success. 
ObamaCare will continue to stop entrepreneurship, slow growth and halt research &amp; development. Defund, Repeal &amp; Replace! 
At least ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber admitted, albeit privately, that we were lied to by Obama. Gang of Liars. 
ICYMI, my int. criticizing the GOP on ObamaCare, the new Congress &amp; 2016
 
Congratulations to for being honored with a two-star rating again this year! 
Chicago, don't forget tix for Wine Tasting Fundraiser 11/22. Proceeds benefit 
Looking for an excuse not to cook for Thanksgiving? Many NYC outlets will delivery a full meal, including 
Deportations are now at a record low. Obama manipulated the numbers to lie to the public that they were at a record high. Secure the border! 
I will be on in ten minutes - enjoy! 
The entire country is FREEZING - we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming, and fast! Ice caps size reaches all time high. 
I will be on tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be talking about sleazebag Jonathan Gruber ("Americans are stupid") &amp; exec order 
. #LaskerRink. We do not do the maintenance on Lasker Rink, that is done by NEW YORK CITY. 
So Obama's top people responsible for ObamaCare think the American Public is stupid! All based on lies and deception! Repubs should sue. 
Looking forward to addressing on December 15th at the Marriot Marquis Washington, DC. 
#TrumpAdvice 
Left New Hampshire for Turnberry in Scotland, which I am renovating. This place is incredible! 
I really enjoyed being in New Hampshire &amp; speaking for Joe McQuaid &amp; the Nackey Loeb School honoring James Foley. 
Via by "Donald Trump guest speaker at event honoring James Foley" 
Via Union Leader: "Trump leads tribute for slain journalist James Foley | New Hampshire First Amendment Awards"
 
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high. Do the best you possibly can. Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious. 
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering you are setting the example. 
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Keep your focus positive. 
Flying to New Hampshire to keynote the First Amendment Award Ceremony. Always great to visit the Granite State! 
Press Conference at Glasgow Prestwick Airport this Friday Nov. 14 at 11 AM with Donald J. Trump &amp; Mr. Iain Cochrane 
Congratulations to for being named one of Great Destinations: 
Congrats for being named the 6th best hotel restaurant in the world! 
Looking forward to seeing Joe McQuaid, Curtis Barry and my many friends in the Granite State! 
Congrats on your Chef of the Year nom in Annual Eater Awards- Vote now! 
The ObamaCare website still is not complete. $5 billion and no progress. Scary and sad! 
Looking forward to keynoting the Nackey S. Loeb School of Communications First Amendment Awards event tomorrow in New Hampshire. 
Thanks for all of the nice tweets re Sgt. Tahmooressi. Especially nice that the money will be sent today, #VeteransDay. 
Exceptional dining matched with exceptional views, offers a unique array of 5 star dining options 
Happy #VeteransDay to all. And it is nice to have Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi back home. 
Congratulations to &amp; for winning control of the State House &amp; Executive Council while holding State Senate. Strong results! 
It is my great honor to send $25,000 to Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. #marinefreed 
A single Ebola carrier infects 2 others at a minimum. STOP THE FLIGHTS! NO VISAS FROM EBOLA STRICKEN COUNTRIES! 
Happy 5th Anniversary to Can't believe it's already been 5 years.. 
Each and every new event space at looks stunning. See the transformation for yourself: 
.@foxandfriends in five minutes. Enjoy! 
You are doing a great job Heather! 
I will be doing at 8.00 a.m. 
Remember, we don't get any oil from Iraq, China gets whatever ISIS hasn't already taken. So why isn't China sending the troops? Too smart! 
Do not go back into Iraq unless they agree, in a signed formal instrument, to give the U.S. 50% of their oil reserves.Make the deal dummies! 
We spent TWO TRILLION DOLLARS in Iraq and got NOTHING. Now we are going back and will again get NOTHING because our leaders are clueless! 
We are now sending thousands of additional troops to Iraq to teach them how to fight - they will run, billions wasted! WHAT DOES U.S. GET? 
Autism Speaks' Bob and Suzanne Wright will address the Pontifical Council on Health Care Workers at the Vatican in Rome. November 20-22 
.@MikeAndMike I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show at 7.05 a.m. (ESPN) - 10 minutes. Will be fun, great guys! Radio and T.V. 
Watch this video of my wonderful golf club in beautiful Colts Neck,NJ- 
.@greta: Look forward to watching Greta's interview tonight at 7.00 p.m. with Marine Andrew Tahmooressi. #Marinefreed 
Why did have to fill out 3 successive ballots on Election Day? And this is our A.G. 
My int. with on #HandsOffMyGun, 2014 election results, stopping Obamacare, new Senate &amp; 2016 
The new Congress must restore military spending &amp; stop Obama budget cuts. Also, hold Obama accountable on the VA. 
You were great on The Apprentice! Congrats on your Big CMA win. I promise I won't take credit for your successful career! 
The Maryland Democrat Party attacked me with a racist flyer. won, 2nd GOP governor elected in 40 years. 
I recorded robo calls for &amp; All had record wins. #MidasTouch 
Yesterday was a referendum on ObamaCare &amp; all other Obama fiascos. Republicans can now rein him in. 
Obama has now had two record &amp; historic midterm losses. There is Hope &amp; Change for America. 
Congratulations to who has now lost a statewide election in Florida as a Republican, Independent &amp; Democrat. 
Via "Joan Rivers' last work for will run on two shows next season, says Donald Trump" 
#TrumpAdvice 
Had asked me to do a robo call for him, I would have done it and he would have won. 
#TrumpVlog Make our country great again! 
The weak jokers who so badly hurt great Penn State University should have fought the NCAA instead of making a deal- 
.@Team_Mitch Fantastic win, we are all proud of you! Your victory speech last night was very gracious to an opponent whose speech was not. 
A really bad night for President Obama. Now the Republicans have to get together and get the job done! 
.@FLGovScott: Amazing race, tremendous courage - you deserved this win for a very old fashioned reason - you have been a great governor! 
One year ago I started calling President Obama INCOMPETENT and people thought it was too tough. Tonight everyone is using that word! 
Looking like a really big night for Republicans - a tremendous refutation of President Obama and his failed policies! 
.@Team_Mitch Congratulations Mitch! 
.@ericbolling Great job on The Five tonight, and not only because you were so nice to The Apprentice. See you soon and thanks! 
Good luck to You will make a wonderful Senator. 
Today will be a big day for you in many ways. The country is lucky. 
Today the Democrats lose big. But tomorrow the Republicans must communicate a positive pro-growth agenda. 
Today is referendum on ObamaCare, Amnesty, slow growth, having your healthcare dropped &amp; all the other lies. 
you have run a wonderful campaign. Good luck today! 
Congratulations to on running an aggressive &amp; fair campaign. Vote for Scott today New Hampshire! 
My int. with announcing the January 4th premiere &amp; cast of the 14th season of 
Photos from the press conference- Premieres January 4th on 
Watch to see the new cast of 
#TrumpAdvice 
Very excited for and wedding this weekend. 
A Veteran &amp; true Conservative, will make a real difference in Washington. NY-1 GOP, GOTV for Lee tomorrow! 
Congratulations to and his team on running a great campaign. Steve is a strong leader in the House. 
The prestigious 800-acre boast luxurious event spaces and 5 Star restaurants 
I will be doing this morning at 8 (not 7). 
.@MattGinellaGC Don't forget to watch Matt tomorrow on Morning Drive talking about The Blue Monster and Trump Doral. 
.@SkyscraperLive: Nick, all of the folks at Trump International next door are wishing you well. We will block the strong winds! 
.@MattGinellaGC Matt will be talking about Trump National Doral tomorrow A.M. Terrific guy, looking forward to it! 
"Michelle Nunn will be a rubber stamp for Barack Obama." - GOTV for David this Tuesday! 
Obama/Reid/Nunn's failed economic policies are not working. will bring fresh perspective to solving problems. #GASen 
Strong debate by No question he won. We need more business leaders with bold vision to fix Washington. #GASen 
Wow, so far everyone running for office who I did a ROBOCALL for has taken the lead in the polls -- the smart pols know this. GREAT! 
.@TrumpDoral. Thanks for the many nice statements and to the media and golf critics for the great reviews of the brand new BLUE MONSTER! 
.@JudgeJeanine Tonight at 9 P.M. on - ENJOY! 
They finally let our Marine out of a Mexican prison, no thanks to Obama. Way too long. Such an event should never be allowed to happen again 
The five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for ISIS-BAD DEAL! Courtmarshal 
Having a truly great imagination is often far more important than having even massive knowledge - but still, never underestimate knowledge! 
Many of the released Guantanamo detainees are now fighting for ISIS and other enemy groups.We need proper leadership before it is too late! 
Crazy - Election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. This is very bad (unfair) for Republicans! 
"The Art of the Deal" = #1 business book. Over 3 million copies sold. Forbes Article from Oct. 20, 2014. 
70 stories over Panama Bay, deluxe rooms feature private balconies to enjoy the ocean views 
Next Tuesday, remember how our president has not lifted a finger for USMC Tahmooressi. He only wants illegals to cross our border. 
#FlashbackFriday on the set of 
Awarded both Five-Star &amp; ratings, is fantastic. 
Happy Halloween! 
#TBT With my family growing up- I'm on the left. 
Jeanne Shaheen was the deciding vote for ObamaCare. Premiums have skyrocketed 90% for New Hampshire. Send to the Senate! 
Mark Begich votes with Obama 97%. He opposes drilling &amp; supports Amnesty for illegals. Next Tuesday, vote 
My int. w/@JackHeathRadio discussing Nickey S. Loeb 1st Amendment Awards Dinner &amp; 
Sitting at the foot of the Whitestone Bridge, is an 18-hole signature course 
Via by "The Irreplaceable Brand Of Donald Trump" 
Happy Birthday You are an amazing daughter! 
#TrumpVlog Quarantine the nurse! 
I told you that the Giants starting Hudson was a mistake. Just got knocked out of the game. I love being right! 
Conde Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Awards, Best Resorts in Europe: Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Golf Links Doonbeg voted #1. 
Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind! Business is a creative endeavor. There are always opportunities and possibilities. 
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results. 
Obama will quarantine all soldiers returning from Africa for 21 days. But he still allows all who contract Ebola into country? Hypocrite. 
Obama admin. called "chickenshit." Ironic since Bibi was an IDF Special Forces commando while Obama was a community organizer. 
Via "Donald Trump says it's morally unfair of Obama to send soldiers into Ebola hot zone" 
In game 7 of the World Series tonight, the Giants are making a big mistake in not starting their ace against K.C., even with two days rest. 
Just out - the POLAR ICE CAPS are at an all time high, the POLAR BEAR population has never been stronger. Where the hell is global warming? 
The U.S. rocket that blew-up and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the United States under Obama. Nothing works, be it a rocket or website. 
President Obama strongly considering a plan to bring non-U.S. citizens with Ebola to the United States for treatment. Now I know he's nuts! 
Watch me on show at 10PM tonight on 
Success requires 100% of your focus and 100% of your effort. Don't sell yourself short. 
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere. 
Mark Udall was the deciding vote for ObamaCare &amp; now 250,000 Coloradans were dropped from their plans. Vote 
John Foust is a liberal who supports ObamaCare and opposes Ebola travel ban. Send Conservative to Congress! 
All the governors are already backing off of the Ebola quarantines. Bad decision that will lead to more mayhem. 
WH refused a meeting with the Israeli Defense Minister. If only Obama hated Iran as much as he dislikes Israel. 
The perfect getaway, is Europe's most elite 5-star destination perfected with old-world luxury 
A 34 story luxury highrise, offers elite amenities with residences that maximize every inch of space 
ObamaCare has brought skyrocketing premium increases &amp; unaffordable deductibles which will lead to less care &amp; job losses. 
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Don't waste time treading water. 
With our $250M in renovations, offers a wide array of courses restored to perfection 
Congratulations for being named #12 resort in Europe by the #ReadersChoice2014 awards! 
.@Jetsetterdotcom in Hong Kong featured 8 pages on my great hometown of New York City, including 
Thank you for selecting the Ocean View Suite as one of your top 10 suites 
I wonder how officials feel now after treating Coach Mike Leach with so little respect after their loss to 82-27? 
Fox &amp; Friends, going on now - enjoy! 
Will be on at 7.00. (30 minutes). A great deal to talk about including Ebola quarantine. 
There are just so many penalties and such long commercials in these NFL games that they are no longer worth watching. Soft hitting &amp; boring! 
I would absolutely consider investing in Atlantic City again, great and hard working people, but much would have to change-taxes, regs., etc 
Yes, I won the right to have my name taken off Trump Plaza in A.C. because it was not operated up to a very high standard and NO involvement 
I made a fortune in Atlantic City, got out years ago (great timing), and havn't been back in many years. I have NOTHING to do with A.C. 
With all that is happening with Ebola, including the doctor who so easily came back to New York, Obama still refuses to stop the flights! 
Kay Hagan profited off of the stimulus.She just skipped a debate. Kay supports amnesty, weak border &amp; 
Michelle Nunn supports Amnesty, a weak border &amp; ObamaCare. She is an Obama liberal. Send DC an independent voice. Vote 
Canadian PM Harper immediately called the Ottawa attack terrorism. At least North America has a strong leader who lives in reality. 
#TrumpVlog Obama should be ashamed! 
The Ebola doctor who just flew to N.Y. from West Africa and went on the subway, bowling and dining is a very SELFISH man-should have known! 
President Obama, you are a complete and total disaster, but you have a chance to do something great and important: STOP THE FLIGHTS! 
President Obama has a major meeting on the N.Y.C. Ebola outbreak, with people flying in from all over the country, but decided to play golf! 
I never thought I'd say it in my lifetime, but President Barack Hussein Obama, aka Barry Sotoro, is a far worse president than Jimmy Carter! 
I have been saying for weeks for President Obama to stop the flights from West Africa. So simple, but he refused. A TOTAL incompetent! 
Ebola has been confirmed in N.Y.C., with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact with.Obama's fault 
If this doctor, who so recklessly flew into New York from West Africa,has Ebola,then Obama should apologize to the American people &amp; resign! 
There is a good possibility that a person who treated patients in West Africa and who FLEW into New York has Ebola. Touched many, bedlam! 
Double digit premium increases because of ObamaCare. Dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election, but news is spreading fast! 
Opening for the 2014 season soon, the National Register landmark Mar-a-Lago Club is the crown jewel of Palm Beach 
The pinnacle of the luxury public golf experience overlooking the Pacific Ocean in Palos Verdes 
Tremendous pressure on President Obama to institute a travel ban on Ebola stricken West Africa. At some point this stubborn dope will fold! 
#TrumpVlog Free our Marine! 
Alison Grimes supports harsh restrictions to kill coal industry &amp; supports Obama's anti-gun legislation. Vote 
Liberal SD Dem candidate Rick Weiland wants to expand ObamaCare to single payer &amp; opposes Ebola travel ban. Send to Senate! 
Congratulations to on the release of her great new book #HandsOffMyGun! Check out excerpt 
An interesting cartoon that is circulating. 
#TrumpVlog South African justice- 
Ben Bradlee was truly one of the greats. What an amazing life he led. My warmest condolences to Dino &amp; the whole family. #BenBradlee 
I'm going to D.C. today to check on the hotel I'm building on Penn. AVE., and then being honored by the Wharton School of Finance, the BEST! 
Why are we letting the three girls, who left the U.S. to join ISIS, back into the country? How stupid has our once respected country become! 
If there is one more Ebola case in the U.S., a full travel ban will be instituted. This common sense move should have been done long ago! 
The United States troops which were sent to West Africa have only gotten 4 hours of Ebola training - very unfair to them and their families! 
The United States, under President Obama, has truly become the "gang that couldn't shoot straight." Everything he touches turns to garbage! 
The U.S. accidentally air dropped a large shipment of military weapons and supplies right into the middle of ISIS as enemy laughs! Very sad! 
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. 
Obama will let Ebola fly into US &amp; drugrunners cross our border daily. But he won't pressure Mexico on Sgt. Tahmooressi. #FreeOurMarine 
Oscar Pistorious will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend. Another O.J. travesty.The judge is a moron! 
Wow, one of the all-time greats in fashion, OSCAR DE LA RENTA, has just died at 82. Great fashion achievements but also a really nice guy! 
Oscar Pistorius only gets five years in prison for killing his girlfriend. Ridiculous decision! Judge couldn't even read her own writings. 
Has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a Mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call? 
ICYMI, you can watch my full press conference with on 
Congratulations to for receiving the Certificate of Excellence &amp; Top 10 Hotels in Panama from 
Congrats to for being named Best In Stay Elite Award Winner for Oahu for 2014! 
I was never a fan of Bush, in fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama! But Obama is truly a pathetic excuse of a president, can't get any worse 
President Obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time, and the people of the United States are just plain tired of it! 
I will be on at 7.00 - 45 minutes. Talking about Ebola, Obama and other strange U.S. happenings! 
I just returned from Iowa - what a beautiful state. The people are amazing and the event for Congressman Steve King was a great success! 
Do you believe Obama just said that America would be "less safe" with a travel ban from West Africa.This is the thinking of a total mad man! 
The lobbyist and political hack that President Obama just appointed as the "Ebola Czar," just missed his first major meeting on Ebola-A joke 
I'm leaving for Iowa now - will be great! 
If I were president Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. If not,Mexico would pay a price like never before! 
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are being called racists? Perhaps not! 
14 African nations have totally banned West Africans from entering their nations. Likewise many other nations. But the U.S. = "COME ON IN" 
Obama just appointed an Ebola Czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control. A TOTAL JOKE! 
Coming soon to Pennsylvania Avenue 
Now Michelle Nunn will not admit she voted for Obama. Of course she did. Nunn supports ObamaCare &amp; is anti-Second Amendment. 
The new Ebola czar will report to the WH &amp; NSA adviser Susan Rice. More mismanagement &amp; duplicity with CDC. Obama is terrible executive. 
Thank you Piers for the wonderful article and, also, great writing. 
.@katyperry will do much better- 
Very excited to be returning to Iowa tomorrow to campaign for my friend &amp; strong Conservative leader 
3rd rate writer, Vicky Ward, who begged me for help- see her letters to me. 
Looks like Obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from West Africa. What the hell is wrong with this guy? 
.@katyperry I watched Russell Brand and I think his mind is fried - he looks really bad. Russell is a total joke, a dummy who is lost! 
.@katyperry Katy, what the hell were you thinking when you married loser Russell Brand. There is a guy who has got nothing going, a waste! 
The Ebola nurse should NEVER have been allowed to fly to Cleveland and (amazing) back again. Nothing works in our once great country anymore 
I am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with President Obama's mental health. Why won't he stop the flights. Psycho! 
It is time for the airline pilots, flight attendants and the airlines themselves to stop flights to and from West Africa. Do it right now! 
I just had a great victory against lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Most of his case re Trump U. was thrown out or gutted. Little remains 
I can't believe that Mitt Romney would run for president again. He had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race. 
A nurse in Dallas who treated Ebola patient Thomas Duncan was allowed to fly to Cleveland.She should never have been so allowed! The real JV 
With all of the words President Obama just dispensed at his press conference, he didn't say what we all want to hear,"I'LL STOP THE FLIGHTS" 
There's nothing like fall in #NewYorkCity. See where recommends you take in the season's beauty:
http://t.co/f7qvzVbXsW 
Our president could not make a proper website with $5B. The website still does not work. How can we feel safe about Ebola?! 
Congratulations to &amp; his team on their important court win for the First Amendment! 
Looking forward to returning to the Hawkeye state this Saturday to support my friend and strong Conservative 
My int. on w/@SteveKingIA discussing my upcoming campaign visit for Steve this Sat. in Iowa
 
John is one of the most respected people in politics. Dopey is one of the least respected! 
President Obama has a personal responsibility to visit &amp; embrace all people in the US who contract Ebola! 
Obama still refuses to stop the flights. Is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - I say both! 
It's Tuesday. is wearing Revlon eyeliner today. Governor Cuomo alerted all to this. 
Michelle Nunn will be a solid vote for Obama. She supports ObamaCare &amp; opposes 2nd Amendment. Vote for to change things! 
We pay for Obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so Democrats can run on lies. Then we pay for his golf. 
Alison Grimes will protect the 'sanctity' of her Obama ballot yet admits she voted for Hillary in primary. Hypocrite. Vote 
Congratulations to #BlueMonster course for being named one of the 10 Toughest courses on Tour This Year 
If you want more, you have to require more from yourself. -- Dr. Phil McGraw 
So many problems in the U.S. and leadership that is hopeless...and now, on top of everything else, we just hit $18 trillion in debt! 
As ISIS and Ebola spread like wildfire, the Obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change (aka global warming). 
Can you believe that,with all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S., President Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Carter 
"If you never want to be criticized, for goodness' sake don't do anything new." -- Jeff Bezos 
Awarded 5 Stars by MacLeod House &amp; Lodge boutique hotel is an historic masterpiece 
The military generals are fuming at Obama. He has boxed them in against ISIS with a strategy that is destined to fail. Sad! 
#TrumpVlog China is laughing at U.S. 
Happy belated birthday to Chris Wallace! Chris does a great job every week on Like father, like son. 
Just finished reading a poorly written &amp; very boring book on the General Motors Building by Vicky Ward. Waste of time! 
Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland awarded 5 star status by Scottish Tourism chiefs. Via MailOnline 
Think of this: After we spent $2 trillion on Iraq, Baghdad is about to be taken over by ISIS. 
The people of Buffalo should be happy Terry Pegula got the team but I hope he does better w/the Bills than he has w/the Sabres. Good luck! 
Wow, China exports rise 15% in September. They are laughing at USA! 
.@foxandfriends in 15 minutes! 
Are NFL games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? In any event, I'm just not watching them much anymore! 
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Ebola and ISIS will be topics. 
I don't know if President Obama isn't stopping the flights from Ebola torn West Africa because he is stubborn, stupid, or just doesn't care! 
Here we go - A healthcare worker who treated Thomas Duncan, the man who flew into the U.S. from West Africa infected with Ebola, caught it! 
President Obama, NOW, bring our 4000 innocent and ill-trained soldiers home from West Africa, before it is too late, AND STOP THE FLIGHTS! 
Remember when I said when Saddam Hussein fell - the new leader of Iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the U.S. even more. Welcome ISIS! 
If a conservative Republican made the mistake that Mrs. Obama just made by calling Braley by the wrong name, it would be the biggest story! 
Michelle Obama made a terrible mistake in Iowa. When endorsing Bruce Braley before a large crowd, she called him Bruce Bailey seven times. 
Isn't it ridiculous, starting today, new Ebola screenings go into effect for people coming from West Africa. Just stop the flights dummies! 
"I've never seen anything like it, everything he touches turns to gold!" So nice, a quote by Fred C.Trump about his son Donald (me!). 
Do you notice that because of Ebola, ISIS etc., ObamaCare has gone to the back burner despite horrible results coming out. A disaster! 
Wow. ratings are down big league. Glad I didn't get the Bills. Rather be lucky than good. 
The ratings continue to fall every week and will keep dropping. Boring games--too many flags--too soft! 
The only reason I bid on was to make sure they stayed in Buffalo, where they belong. Mission accomplished. 
"Sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. Know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world." 
#TrumpVlog Why are we the sad suckers? 
.@AGSchneiderman should remove his eyeliner, as pointed out by Cuomo, when he does his commercials! 
Lightweight will probably win only because he is a Dem in NY, but what a loser! 
Lightweight the worst attorney general in the US, is in a tough election with John Cahill 
"Obamacare puts poor people on a form of government run, single-payer health insurance that many doctors don't take" - 
Seal the deal! Hold your business meeting at the luxurious Executive Board Room 
Obama is making the Ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the U.S. by not halting flights from West Africa. Airport testing a joke 
If you are interested in balancing work and pleasure, you will never succeed! 
I feel sorry for the 4000 soldiers who are being forced to go the West Africa to fight Ebola. Their families are up in arms. Not trained. 
Tens of millions of dollars in airstrikes had no impact because key leaders fled after hearing ON NEWS REPORTS the strikes were coming. DUMB 
China is ripping wealth out Africa and yet, as usual, refuses to put anything back to help with Ebola. "Let the stupid Americans do it!" SAD 
The residential real estate market continues to provide opportunities for first time home owners. Buy now if you can! 
The CDC chief just said Ebola is spreading faster than Aids. Marines are preparing for a pandemic drill. Stop all flights from West Africa! 
Congratulations to on his new position as Editor-at-Large for the United States of My Apprentice champ! 
My golf club in Westchester, a great place! 
I have to admit is a tough, smart guy. He is formidable by any standard! 
#TrumpVlog Will our brave soldiers catch Ebola? 
Right now 4000 U.S. troops are stupidly heading to West Africa to help fight Ebola.No help from China, Russia or wealthy African oil nations 
The U.S. is spending fortunes at airports checking people coming in from West Africa, with uncertain results. STOP THE FLIGHTS YOU DUMB B's! 
In a little reported event, China has just overtaken the United States as the NUMBER ONE World economic power! Great going Washington! 
Even Jimmy Carter just released a statement saying that Obama doesn't have a clue. That has to be a new low! 
Obama, stop the flights to and from West Africa NOW - before it is too late! Can't you see what's happening? Can you be that thick (stupid)? 
Can you believe this fool, Dr. Thomas Frieden of CDC, just stated, "anyone with fever should be asked if they have been in West Africa" DOPE 
Any American who fights with ISIS should have their passport revoked. Take them to Gitmo for interrogation. 
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. 
Stop the flights! 
Obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve. And the back-end of the website does not even work. 
"Work Underway on First New Trump Course in Dubai; Second Course in Planning" via 
Obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war against.ISIS! Why isn't China and Russia helping - they gain so much! 
I was relentless because, more often than you would think, sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. NEVER GIVE UP! 
Real estate taxes are far too high Westchester. A total joke how they waste money! Replace Mayor Vescio. 
When will Mayor Vescio and manager Zegarelli repave Pine Road in It is a disgrace! 
USMC Andrew Tahmooressi should be freed immediately. He never should have been jailed in the first place. Weak leaders. #FreeOurMarine 
My int. on Leon Panetta's critique of Obama, Ebola, rise of ISIS, Obama's lack of common sense &amp; 2016 
Via by "The Donald wins. Trump name coming off casino" 
Looking forward to being this evening for Corporate Meeting Planners reception for Trump National Doral 
Kentucky has a chance to have the Senate Majority Leader, Mitch McConnell, representing it in Washington. Big power for State. Don't blow it 
I can't believe Mitch McConnell isn't way up in the Kentucky polls. Massive seniority brings so much power and status to State. Brings K.$'s 
Despite the ever increasing Ebola disaster, Obama refuses to stop flights from West Africa.It's almost like he's saying F-you to U.S. public 
Obama has missed 58% of his intelligence briefings. But our president does make 100% of his fundraisers. 
I will be on On The Record tonight at 7 PM 
.@ScotGolfPodcast Work has not yet begun. We're in the approval phase. It will be amazing. You will love the final result. 
Congrats on new book "A Little Bit Vulnerable" you're a breath of fresh air in the political forum 
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends (@foxandfriends) at 7.00. Fighting Ebola will be a topic! 
I'm not going to be watching much NFL football anymore. Too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. Focus on other things! 
What the hell is Obama doing in allowing all of these potentially very sick people to continue entering the U.S.! Is he stupid or arrogant? 
I don't know what it is, but I'm getting totally bored watching NFL football. Too many penalties and far too soft! T.V. off and back to work 
The Jets just don't have it. Time for a quarterback change! 
President Obama, I have an idea! Pretend that West Africa is Israel and then you will be able to stop the Ebola area flights. 
President Obama - close down the flights from Ebola infected areas right now, before it is too late! What the hell is wrong with you? 
Something very important, and indeed society changing, may come out of the Ebola epidemic that will be a very good thing: NO SHAKING HANDS! 
This Ebola patient Thomas Duncan, who fraudulently entered the U.S. by signing false papers, is causing havoc. If he lives, prosecute! 
If Ebola is so non-contagious, how come an NBC cameraman caught it so quickly while over in West Africa? U.S. is behaving very foolishly! 
Can you believe that President Obama still hasn't stopped the flights and people pouring into the U.S. from West Africa. TERRIBLE PRESIDENT! 
#TrumpAdvice 
Really interesting, President Obama was quick to shut down flights to Isreal but is totally unwilling to shut down flights from West Africa! 
Wow Andy, such amazing writing and thought. Thank you! 
Saw Michael Jordan and Ray Allen today playing golf at Trump National Doral, the Blue Monster. Great guys! 
Ebola patient Duncan lied on his exit papers by saying he never came into contact with a person with Ebola. He knew he did, and person died. 
How incompetent are our leaders allowing these Ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed! 
The Ebola patient who came into our country knew exactly what he was doing. Came into contact with over 100 people.Here we go-I told you so! 
The brand new hotel at Trump National Doral has the most beautiful rooms and suites in Miami. Enjoy! 
I just arrived at Trump National Doral in Miami where I'll spend the day checking work just completed by contractors. This place is amazing! 
Ebola is much easier to transmit than the CDC and government representatives are admitting. Spreading all over Africa-and fast. Stop flights 
Designed by Deluxe Guestrooms feature impeccable furnishing and details
 
Our national security starts at the border. Do you think ISIS &amp; al-Qaeda are just in the Middle East? 
How is ABC Television allowed to have a show entitled "Blackish"? Can you imagine the furor of a show, "Whiteish"! Racism at highest level? 
Stop flights into the U.S. from West Africa immediately! 
The woman who is the Secret Service Director looks like she is way over her head.Why can't the president appoint the best and the brightest? 
The United States must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or Ebola will be all over the United States-a plague like no other! 
How dumb is our president to send thousands of poorly trained and ill-equipped soldiers over to West Africa to fight Ebola. Stop all flights 
Here we go! I stated long ago that we should cancel all flights from West Africa. Now we have Ebola in U.S., AND IT WILL ONLY GET WORSE! 
President Obama should stay out of the Hong Kong protests, we have enough problems in our own country!Can't even properly police White House 
"Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit." - Conrad Hilton 
Fact--Obama does not read his intelligence briefings nor does he get briefed in person by the CIA or DOD. Too busy I guess! 
"'Everything in Dubai': Learn from Emirate's rebound, says via by 
Via by "Trump: 'Inconceivable' Obama didn't know about ISIS threat"
 
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere. 
I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less. Get out there and go for it. 
Our views trump the rest for the #Thanksgiving #MacysParade. Stay for exclusive parade access 
36 hrs Central Park as seen in including a stop for a bite in Full article 
It wasn't only that Obama saluted a Marine with a cup of coffee in his hand, but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee? 
Jeanne Shaheen wants amnesty for illegals, placed the deciding vote for ObamaCare &amp; opposes the 2nd Amendment. Vote her out in November! 
Interesting case from UK re and abusive troll 
.@montgomeriefdn Your commentary this weekend was fantastic. People love what you say and how you say it. 
.@WestwoodLee Great going this weekend. You are a true champion! 
.@IanJamesPoulter Great going and almost as importantly, your clothing line is selling well! 
.@JustinRose99 The display you put on this weekend was unprecedented. Even the best putters couldn't believe it. You're amazing. See u soon. 
.@McIlroyRory What a year it has been for you -- and this weekend topped it off. Fantastic job, see u at Doral. 
I thought I was being nice to somebody re their parents. I guess this teaches you not to be nice or trusting. Sad! 
.@CharlieRymerGC Charlie, call me - we'll set up a match with Gary and Damon. Doral now finished and doing great! 
I will be doing at 7.00 (15 minutes). 
Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up! 
I will be releasing the full interview with a guy named Baxter only to show the bias and stupidity of him and Clowns! 
I will be on Monday morning at 7.00. A lot to talk about! 
The animal who beheaded the woman in Oklahoma should be given a very fast trial and then the death penalty. The same fate - beheading? 
I wonder if I run for PRESIDENT, will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN? I say they will! 
Can you believe we still have not gotten our Marine out of Mexico. He sits in prison while our PRESIDENT plays golf and makes bad decisions! 
My friend Derek is a special athlete and special person--there is nobody like him. 
Las Vegas' most elite destination, has 64 stories of golden glass &amp; offers ultimate luxury 
Internationally recognized as an iconic landmark, beams over Fifth Avenue 
People are loving the new line of Trump ties and shirts at Macy's. Check them out! 
Watching the Ryder Cup on Very interesting and tough matches. Amazing sport, my favorite! 
The U.S. should not be giving away our strategy &amp; tactics to the enemy so they can prepare. Just go and do what you have to do! 
Go to to help my friend Scott Brown take back our Senate. 
Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends celebrating the holiday. 
Someone unknown tweeted incorrectly that I'm for Sen. Mitch for speaker. I'm supporting him for Senate Majority Leader 
With Terry McAuliffe, Gov of Virginia, at the Trump Winery in Charlottesville, VA--largest on East Coast. 
Offering top amenities along w/ award winning architectural design, condominiums are world-class 
The &amp; 5 star restaurant, is NYC's top destination
 
DAMAC &amp; #Trump Organization are developing a 2nd Trump #golf course, Trump World Golf Club #Dubai, at AKOYA Oxygen! 
According to many, ISIS was given so much time and so many signals as to when we would start bombing that they were able to prepare and hide 
From rags to riches, and back to rags! 
http://t.co/NpY9Nw6fvJ 
Interesting article about Atlantic City 
Good morning. I will be on Fox and Friends at 7.00 (30 minutes). Enjoy! 
Our country has become so politically correct that it has lost all sense of direction or purpose. We are unable to move forward painlessly. 
The NFL should have its non-profit status immediately revoked while at the same time ending the giant tax scam which makes teams so valuable 
The NFL image is really tarnished! Now, if the sponsors start leaving and the ratings go down, the NFL will be in big trouble. Boring games! 
They just called this the biggest scandal in U.S. sports history (GMA). Roger looks really weak and indecisive, must put on a better front! 
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. 
Do you believe that Obama is giving weapons to "moderate rebels" in Syria.Isn't sure who they are. What the hell is he doing.Will turn on us 
Why are we sending thousands of ill-trained soldiers into Ebola infested areas of Africa! Bring the plague back to U.S.? Obama is so stupid. 
Roger Goodell must stop apologizing to everyone who will listen and toughen up. His street smart players are laughing at him and the NFL! 
Brand new selection of Trump Signature Collection shirts and ties Go check them out. 
The Wilson family should thank me. Pegula overpaid for the because of me! 
Leading by 13 over Landrieu in a poll, will beat her in November. 
Congratulations to Georgina Bloomberg on winning the inaugural Central Park Grand Prix CSI 3* 
I am convinced that if had not pushed ugly wind turbines all over Scotland, the vote would have been much better for him! 
Learn, work and think in equal proportions and you'll be going in the right direction. 
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute. 
.@TrumpGolfLA is pick for the "Best of Weddings" with our Vista Terrace looking over the Pacific Ocean 
Congratulations on getting the Miss Universe Pageant to come to Doral/Miami - it will be a great show and a tremendous success! 
The Iraqi army has squandered the majority of the weapons &amp; training we gave them for 10 long years. When will we learn? 
So Obama wants to bomb ISIS in Iraq &amp; arm them in Syria? What is he doing! 
Are the Republicans going to blow their chance to take the Senate? Must focus on ObamaCare and amnesty. 
With panoramic views of Central Park &amp; the Manhattan skyline, 5 Star offers 176 newly renovated rooms 
It was a great honor to be on on Wow, the response was amazing! 
Great article on so-called climate change, formerly known as global warming. 
On Mike and Mike, in two minutes! 
In order to stop the Ebola outbreak in Africa, perhaps the President should put all Africans on ObamaCare rather than sending the troops! 
Every day Mexico continues to hold Sgt. Tahmooressi is an insult to our country. 
Right To Play uses the power of play to educate and empower children facing adversity. A great cause--check it out. 
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either. 
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. 
I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less. 
Does anybody notice that Atlantic City lost its magic after I left years ago. I had the big boxing, introduced UFC (ask Dana),the best shows 
Can you believe that the U.S. will be sending 3000 troops to Africa to help with Ebola.They will come home infected? We have enough problems 
It is so sad to see what has happened to Atlantic City. So many bad decisions by the pols over the years - airport, convention center, etc. 
I left Atlantic City years ago, good timing. Now I may buy back in, at much lower price, to save Plaza &amp; Taj. They were run badly by funds! 
Congratulations to Obama on building a strong economy. There are 49,500,000 people on food stamps. A historic record! 
With championship links world-class amenities also include dining &amp; luxury accommodations 
I will be on Fox and Friends at.7.00 A.M. Enjoy! 
I have nothing to do with Atlantic City-sold years ago (great timing). For losers and haters, I NEVER went bankrupt. Plus $10 billion, sorry 
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game! 
Secretary Kerry cannot get other nations to join us in fighting ISIS. They are afraid and he is a poor salesman who reps a pathetic leader! 
Sen. Kay Hagan voted for Amnesty &amp; ObamaCare. She is a proven liberal who recklessly goes along with Obama. Vote in November! 
Offering river, lake &amp; skyline views, 339 5 Star rooms range from Deluxe Suites to Spa Guestrooms 
The judge in the Oscar Pistorious case is a total moron. She said he didn't act like a killer. This is another O.J. disaster! 
My interview on 9/13/01 with a German reporter after visiting Ground Zero 
On 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice &amp; our freedom. 
They should have rebuilt the two buildings of the World Trade Center exactly as they were, except taller and stronger. A better statement! 
I can't believe that the judge in the Oscar Pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder. No one has been more guilty since O.J.! 
Can you believe that our very stupid politicians released the leader of ISIS and now we are spending billions trying to get him back! 
Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s.Pay up! 
Middle Eastern countries must participate militarily (no running away) and big league financially in order for us to go in and save them! 
I just want to know how much is Saudi Arabia and others who we are helping willing to pay for our saving from total extinction. Pay up now! 
Attention Arnold Palmer: Happy Birthday, Arnold. There is no one like you --The King! 
Imposing dunes on the Aberdeenshire coastline, Championship course is a classical Scottish links 
38 stories high, 462 luxury guest rooms &amp; suites offer exceptional services 
I made a great deal of money in Atlantic City, but left years ago when I saw so many political mistakes being made. I have ZERO involvement! 
Why are we giving away our entire strategy and tactics we will deploy against ISIS? It puts our troops at a disadvantage. 
Boasting &amp; 5 Star ratings, features a superb menu 
Soaring 92 stories, boasts a 5 Star rating for both its hotel &amp; restaurant 
The Trump Signature Collection available offers top new designs for your fall wardrobe. Dress your best! 
New poll states that a record number of Americans have lost all faith in President Obama - duh! 
With the labor participation rate at a 36 yr. low, over 92M Americans are out of the work force. 
If amnesty is so popular according to the DC ruling class, then why is Obama delaying his executive action until after the election? 
Home of the iconic Ailsa, a four time course, is a landmark on the Ayrshire coastline 
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 a.m. (30 minutes). Enjoy! 
Getting ready to pay final respect to GREAT LADY Joan Rivers. She could light up a room like no other! She will be greatly missed. 
We just finished shooting a new season of Celebrity Apprentice and happily for all, Joan plays my advisor in two episodes. She was great! 
Joan Rivers had great talent, but also truly amazing stamina and drive - she would never give up or quit. That is why she became a champion! 
I will be going to the funeral of my friend Joan Rivers today. I got to know her really well when she became the winner of The Apprentice! 
One of the big problems facing Atlantic City are the ridiculously high real estate taxes which I fought for years before leaving.Corruption! 
Remember, anything you read about Atlantic City has nothing to do with me. I sold years ago and left. Good timing but very sad! 
I just started construction of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. Many jobs. Will be finest hotel in U.S. Watch it happen! 
Attention all hackers: You are hacking everything else so please hack Obama's college records (destroyed?) and check "place of birth" 
President Obama has just reached an ALL-TIME low approval rating! Is anybody surprised? The happiest person is former President Jimmy Carter 
I'm not saying to not give vaccines, I am just saying give them small doses over a long period of time - not one massive dose for a child. 
Great event last night with to support 
China is going to complete 59 new theme parks by 2020, over $23B in expansion. That would take over 100 years in our country. 
USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi has now been held in Mexican jail for over 150 days. When will Obama call for his release? #FreeOurMarine 
Best of luck to on his debut this Sunday. 
"Taking risks &amp; making mistakes is the best way to learn something new. Most of the time you will surprise yourself" -Trump Never Give Up 
The Mar-a-Lago Club, the crown jewel of Palm Beach, is a landmark in the National Register of Historic Places 
In memory of Joan Rivers- watch when she became my Celebrity Apprentice- which meant so much to her! 
Joan Rivers was an amazing woman and a great friend. Her energy and talent were boundless. She will be greatly missed. 
Senator Landrieu, If you are a Senator representing Louisiana, then you SHOULD own a home in the state. Send to the Senate! 
Any American who fights w/ ISIS in Iraq or Syria should have their passport revoked. If they try to come back in, send them to Gitmo. 
China continues to be on the move both technologically and militarily. Obama is sitting by and watching. 
As we are learning the hard way both domestically &amp; internationally, hope is not a strategy. 
The next generation of luxury, will be the icon of the Vancouver skyline 
I'm not against vaccinations for your children, I'm against them in 1 massive dose.Spread them out over a period of time &amp; autism will drop! 
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland, fronts the Atlantic Ocean &amp; is host to the 2014 Great Irish Links Challenge 
Entrepreneurs: Do not view any failure as the final say for your efforts. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on. 
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem. 
Entrepreneurs: Never give up. Be tough. Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious. 
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them. 
Entrepreneurs: Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Know exactly what you want and go for it. Nothing should be haphazard. 
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." -- Steve Jobs 
Treat yourself to the pinnacle of luxury public golf at white sand $250M premiere course 
Looking forward to being at the announcement tonight. 
Watch and accept my #ALSIceBucketChallenge- 
.@WWE: He's answered the call! responds to #ALSIceBucketChallenge! #SmackDownALS 
The #Hyperlapse app in 
"AngieApon I think you should try wearing your hair combed back. It looked good when you slicked it back Mr. Trump ;) #ALS" May happen, thx 
Saudi Arabia should fight their own wars, which they won't, or pay us an absolute fortune to protect them and their great wealth-$ trillion! 
Have you been watching how Saudi Arabia has been taunting our VERY dumb political leaders to protect them from ISIS. Why aren't they paying? 
Remember this, the worst doctors (by far) are celebrity doctors. If you see their names, or read about them in the newspapers, stay away! 
In my book, had a lousy doctor, shoving a camera down her throat at her age. Something went really wrong that should not have! 
What is happening in Atlantic City, casino closures, is very sad - but does anybody give me credit for getting out before its demise? Timing 
.@Joan_Rivers Get well soon Joan - keep fighting! 
Good luck and best wishes to my dear friend, the wonderful and very talented Joan Rivers! Winner of Celebrity Apprentice, amazing woman. 
#IceBucketChallenge For those of you who wanted a picture here it is- 
ICYMI The ALS #IceBucketChallenge that Trumps them all- 
The ALS #IceBucketChallenge that Trumps them all- 
I have asked the reigning Miss Universe and Miss USA to do the honors. At least I will not have to wash my hair this morning! Enjoy. 
I will be doing the A.L.S. Ice Bucket Challenge this morning on twitter. It is not something I look forward to doing but is for a good cause 
We have got to get our Marine out of that disgusting Mexican jail. Would be so easy if we had a real leader. One tough phone call &amp; he's out 
Congratulations to and Your baby has seriously good genes, will be a champ! 
.@bovanpelt. Bo, I heard you were great at Trump National Westchester - I am not at all surprised. Keep playing well, you are a winner! 
Obama will grant amnesty to millions of illegals yet he has not lifted a finger for USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi! . #BringBackOurMarine 
.@TrumpNewYork is the only Forbes 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star &amp; Five-Diamond restaurant in NYC 
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
 -- Abraham Lincoln 
Remember, the harder you work, the luckier you get! 
A state legislator w/ a true record of accomplishments, military vet will make a tremendous US Senator. Iowa, send Joni to DC! 
Emmy Awards show was terrible last night. Same shows winning over and over again (politics). Amazing race a joke. Host Seth Meyers bombed! 
"He who demands little gets it." - Ellen Glasgow 
Obama sent weapons through Benghazi to ISIS yet he is holding up shipments to Israel. What is he thinking? 
Once the ISIS thug who beheaded Foley is identified 100%, he should be bunker busted to hell. 
We will now be helping Syria and Iran by attacking ISIS - ironic, isn't it! 
That Seth Meyers is hosting the Emmy Awards is a total joke. He is very awkward with almost no talent. Marbles in his mouth! 
I will be on at 7.30 A.M. 
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel seems so lost and, frankly, dumb. He can't even speak properly. Poor leader in these very dangerous times! 
The Greater Miami area and numerous others are fighting hard to get the Miss Universe Pageant. A decision will be made very soon! 
Towering over trendy Bay Street, offers 118 stunning condominiums w/ multi-angle views &amp; elite amenities 
On beautiful Lake Norman, offers a state of the art Clubhouse to complement its championship course 
The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available offers high end fashion for men. Dress your best. 
On 800 beautiful acres in Miami, boasts 100,000 sq. ft. in meeting space with event planning services 
46 stories in the center of downtown New York, 391 spacious rooms each have floor-to-ceiling windows 
The ISIS thug who murdered American journalist James Foley may have been Gitmo detainee If so, why was he released? 
A world-famous testament to architectural excellence, features a 60-ft waterfall 
Our politically correct country will read the ISIS terrorists who beheaded the reporter their Miranda Rights prior to good food &amp; care! 
ISIS made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter. Even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion. LEADERSHIP! 
Thanks Monique! 
Re Negotiation: Persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn can be good. The key is to know when to loosen up. 
Re Negotiation: Patience is an enormous virtue &amp; needs to be cultivated for successful negotiations on any level. 
Re Negotiation: Know exactly what you want &amp; focus on that. View conflict as an opportunity--this will expand your mind and your horizons. 
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
 -- Theodore Roosevelt 
.@TrumpDoral's golf courses The Red Tiger, The Silver Fox &amp; The Golden Palm are on track to open later this year 
Est. in 1906, is home to the iconic Ailsa, Championship course four times over 
On 59th &amp; Park Avenue, Trump Park Avenue transformed the legendary Hotel Delmonico into 120 luxury residences 
On 59th &amp; Park Avenue, Trump Park Avenue transformed the legendary Hotel Delmonico into 120 luxury residences 
#TrumpAdvice 
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them. 
A 7,242 yd. masterpiece, $250 million course features 18 challenging holes with incredible views 
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new."
 -- Albert Einstein 
Just started building one of the great hotels of the World in Washington, D.C., the site of the Old Post Office. Will be amazing - JOBS! 
Such amazing people in India. This trip is very enlightening! 
I just had an amazing day in Mumbai, India. Building an almost 80 story building, super luxury, which is doing great! Press is going wild. 
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere. 
The Spa offers 5 star services,12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking Chicago skyline 
Just watched Full Metal Jacket, can't believe R. Lee Ermey didn't win the Academy Award as the drill sergeant. Political nominations! 
Robin Williams was a truly wonderful actor &amp; comedian. One of the few people who could make me laugh. Very tragic. 
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain 
Sorry, won't be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning - will be in India on a couple of major business deals! 
We need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. Respect! 
The World as we know it is falling apart. Much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the United States is no longer respected! 
Same CDC which is bringing Ebola to US misplaced samples of anthrax earlier this year Be careful. 
"Ebola's spread is 'unprecedented' says CDC chief" 
Iraq is more dangerous today than any time under Saddam. War was a mistake, as I said from the very beginning. Bush &amp; Obama should apologize 
One of top public courses, course stands as a testament to the greatness of golf 
The new winner of the pageant K. Lee Graham 
What other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like Obama is doing with ISIS. Whatever happened to the element of surprise? 
ObamaCare premiums rising 13.2% in 2015 Elections have consequences! 
These are something I just can't buy. Excited for the 
Discipline is a key ingredient for success. It will build character, motivation and bring opportunity. 
Located in South Ayrshire, Scotland, offers diverse dining options suitable for any occasion 
With over 260 5 Star guest rooms &amp; suites is 65 stories of pure luxury in the center of downtown Toronto 
Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good. 
Investors are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present. 
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation begins. 
Learning never exhausts the mind.
 -- Leonardo da Vinci 
SECURE THE BORDER! BUILD A WALL! 
Thanks for your nice statement I just want to do as well as you have with See u soon 
Congratulations to on his recent 26th year anniversary. Rush has revolutionized talk radio! Sorry haters and losers! 
The Village offers a variety of 5 Star dining experiences for everyday dining &amp; catered affairs 
The ultimate vacation destination, sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind 
Congratulations to on being named the Power Player of the Week 
Thank you, for dedicating your birthday today to the for Click here to donate: 
Doctors have already died treating Ebola We should not be importing the disease to our homeland. 
Our government now imports illegal immigrants and deadly diseases. Our leaders are inept. 
So many people are agreeing with me on not creating a "highway" for Ebola to the U.S. Started in small area of Africa and now spreading fast 
The bigger problem with Ebola is all of the people coming into the U.S. from West Africa who may be infected with the disease. STOP FLIGHTS! 
A doctor on NBC Nightly News agreed with me-we should not bring Ebola into our country through two patients, but should bring docs to them. 
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. 
Focus on your goals, not your problems. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. 
Mayor Bill Vescio of Briarcliff Manor, Westchester, is doing a terrible job. Horrible roads, high taxes, housing down. 
One of the tallest office buildings in downtown NYC, 40 Wall Street is a classic Art Deco building 
We should have taken the oil in Iraq, and now our mortal enemies have got it, and with no opposition. Really dumb U.S. pols! I'm so angry! 
Isis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of Iraq, and will soon have control of massive oil reserves. I told you so. 
.@FrankLuntz works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser! 
The fact that we are taking the Ebola patients, while others from the area are fleeing to the United States, is absolutely CRAZY-Stupid pols 
The U.S. must immediately stop all flights from EBOLA infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our "borders." Act fast! 
If you read my last number of tweets, only one opinion can be formed - that our President, and therefore "leader," is grossly incompetent! 
The ObamaCare website is in the news again - it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought, AND IT DOESN'T WORK! Big trouble! 
So many lives and two trillion dollars wasted, and our worst enemies will get the 2nd largest oil reserves in the World. Such stupid leaders 
Just as I have been predicting for years, Iraq will fall to the people that hate the U.S. the most - just outside of Baghdad."Keep the oil" 
The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences! 
.@David_Cameron Why do you give Scotland so much money to destroy their magnificent land with wind turbines-causing massive taxes &amp; E bills 
.@David_Cameron As Prime Minister, why are you spending vast amounts of money to subsidize ugly wind turbines in Scotland that nobody wants? 
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
 -- Henry Ford 
Stop the EBOLA patients from entering the U.S. Treat them, at the highest level, over there. THE UNITED STATES HAS ENOUGH PROBLEMS! 
Ebola patient will be brought to the U.S. in a few days - now I know for sure that our leaders are incompetent. KEEP THEM OUT OF HERE! 
If our border is not secure, we can expect another attack. A country with open borders is open to the terrorists. 
With our weakened dollar, gas will continue to rise. Fracking is an answer to lowering energy costs. 
From ABC News: "In Demand: Washington's Highest (and lowest) Speaking Fees" by Scott Wilson 
"It takes guts to be a brand. You cannot be all things to all people if you want to be a brand." - Midas Touch 
In order to be successful, especially to be very successful, you must have the ability to be able to handle pressure! 
In any business, there will be ups and downs. If you can weather the rough times your success will be even greater during high times. 
Home ownership is at a 19 year low. If you can, buy now. You will thank me later. 
Obama should work on a ceasefire in Chicago as well as Gaza. 
Each of the 176 magnificent luxury suites and guestrooms at provide a sophisticated urban appeal 
Watch this tour by of this luxurious penthouse in Trump Park Avenue-http://t.co/7uW24pyrq2 
.@Andre_Reed83. Congratulations Andre, you deserve it! 
Environmental regulations stop Border Patrol from protecting 40% of the border A coup for the migrant Democrats. 
When in doubt, Obama fundraises. He has held 393 fundraisers in six years. Another record. 
Youth unemployment is at a record high. ObamaCare is a job destroyer which is ruining aspiring careers. It must be repealed. 
Along with two championship courses on the Potomac River, also offers limitless social events 
Obama spoke to the Mexican president last week &amp; did not mention UMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Sad! 
Get our Marine out of Mexico. 
The ultimate Golf experience, is a unique destination located on the beautiful Ayrshire coastline 
Rise high in affordable luxury. Trump Parc Stamford offers gracious living with entertainment spaces 
It's late in July and it is really cold outside in New York. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING??? We need some fast! It's now CLIMATE CHANGE 
Central American presidents are blaming us for the influx of illegal immigration Obama will soon apologize. 
The Republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. How could they lose to Obama?! 
Opening in 2016, Trump Hotel Rio de Janeiro will be a 13-story, 171-guestroom masterpiece with a beachside view 
Watched Gennady Golovkin at MSG on Saturday night. He was fantastic--should fight 
.@TrumpScotland provides luxury accommodations &amp; a championship Par 72 7,400 yd. course. Book your tee time now 
So many major problems for the U.S., and no answers by our leaders. When will it all change? Many of our difficulties are so easy to solve! 
I am not surprised that Seth is absolutely dying in the ratings! He is truly an awkward, mumbling jerk. Too bad! 
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. -- Andy Warhol 
Along with a soaring bar of sky-bound gold, pool deck overlooks the City of Lights 
An architectural landmark, offers sweeping, panoramic views of Fifth Avenue 
I say we cannot continue to let Obama fly around on Air Force 1, at a cost of millions of dollars a day, for the purpose of politics &amp; play! 
I had a great time in D.C. yesterday at the Trump International Hotel- OPO groundbreaking ceremony. Watch- 
Sgt.Thamooressi has been held in Mexico for 115 Days. Mexico has zero respect for our border &amp; our servicemen. Boycott! #freeourmarine 
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up.
 -- Vince Lombardi 
Iran will only get stronger in Iraq with the latest civil war. We should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion. 
The best way to build a successful business is by results. In the end, that is what counts. 
Obama is on yet another two-day West Coast fundraising swing. Has to fit it in before his 15 day tax-payer funded vacation. 
Today's groundbreaking at the Old Post Office Building in D.C. was amazing. Great people, great dedication. 
.@usgsa A momentous day. Great job on Old Post Office--we will make you proud! 
Wow, Obama really put it to Israel by canceling flights there. This puts them at a tremendous disadvantage. Tourism and more will just stop. 
Article: More illegals enter than people born in state each week.
 
Why is Washington ready to spend billions on care for illegals while our VA is still in shambles? Vets should be the priority. 
Going to D.C. for big groundbreaking on Old Post Office site. Will be spectacular new hotel. Lots of jobs! 
We are now at a time, perhaps more than ever before, when the World needs GREAT leadership! 
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill 
Thanks for coming to my defense in Rolling Stone Magazine. As I have often said, you are a terrific guy! 
The Trump Spa is a serene sanctuary featuring luxurious spa treatment rooms saunas and steam rooms 
.@TrumpDoral offers multiple award winning dining options in our all-new signature restaurant and lounges 
ObamaCare strikes again. Major insurer announced that over 53,000 New Yorkers will be dropped from their plans 
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is! 
It takes "guts" to win! 
I believe that President Obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the U.S. and throughout the World that he has totally given up! 
Obama wanted Putin to reset. Instead, Putin laughed at him and reloaded. 
Re Negotiation: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute. 
Remember the old saying "The more you learn, the more you realize you don't know" -- it's true. Learning is a daily challenge. 
Give yourself a chance--make every day a discovery. 
The Donald J.Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available offers top styles in menswear. Dress your best 
A top rated NY course by provides award winning services and exceptional facilities 
.@McIlroyRory Great job Rory - you have the heart and talent of a great champion. Work hard and win many more! See you at Turnberry. 
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 (20 minutes). Plenty of terrible and tragic news to talk about! Too bad. 
The Honolulu accommodations of are the perfect merger of beauty and function
 
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
 -- Abraham Lincoln 
The 48,000 sq. ft. Spa boasts 33 treatment rooms and over 100 signature spa services and treatments 
.@TrumpTurnberry's 149 award winning guest rooms offer a perfect blend of Edwardian tradition and timeless design 
Winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything.
 -- Vince Lombardi 
Congrats to Obama &amp; Democrats. CBO has just announced that ObamaCare missed its uninsured target by half &amp; program costs extra $700B+. 
If Obama is concerned about the border, he should stop vacationing. Gov't will save millions which it can use to stop illegal migration. 
Obama claims that he needs an extra $4B to secure the border. Well then he should not have wasted $5B on the ObamaCare website. 
"No matter what you're managing, don't assume you can glide by. You have to work to maintain your momentum." - Trump: How to Get Rich 
Awarded the prestigious 2014 5-Star Guide is located in beautiful downtown Toronto 
The best vision is insight.
 -- Malcolm Forbes 
Lucky for New York, highly respected John Cahill is running for NY State AG against incumbent lightweight dope 
Again, I have nothing to do with the Atlantic City closing - I have not even been there in many years. Some press was accurate, some not! 
Tremendous cold wave hits large part of U.S. Lucky they changed the name from global warming to climate change - G.W. just doesn't work! 
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin 
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein 
Designed by Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point's 18-hole course sits by the Bronx's Whitestone Bridge 
.@TrumpNationalHV features wide open pristine fairways, tour caliber greens, 64 strategically placed sand bunkers 
Mexico sent USMC Andrew Tahmooressi back to jail after court hearing. Mexico does not respect our border or U.S. Boycott! #FreeOurMarine 
On stunning Aberdeenshire coastline, features a classic Scottish link threaded through the dunes 
Rickie Fowler Instagram photos | Websta via 
Iran looks like it is toying with John Kerry on nuclear talks - he is begging for a deal to save face. Negotiation is just not his thing! 
The reported about the closing hotels in Atlantic City but knowingly failed to report that I am not involved, left years ago 
Can you imagine trading five really bad enemies of the U.S. for the freedom of traitor Bergdahl. Just another bad deal! 
Deserter Bergdahl returns to active duty as parents of brave soldiers killed looking for him grieve. Obama trying to play this mistake down! 
The only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak U.S. leader 
The new hot term that they have recently invented is POLAR VORTEX - give me a break! 
They only changed the term to CLIMATE CHANGE when the words GLOBAL WARMING didn't work anymore. Come on people, get smart! 
Refloating the Costa Concordia for many hundreds of millions of $'s is ridiculous. Should have taken it apart in small pieces - save fortune 
It is a joke the amount of time that network news spends talking about the weather. No wonder their ratings are way down! Enough already. 
Record cold temperatures in July - 20 to 30 degrees colder than normal. What the hell happened to GLOBAL WARMING? 
Again, for all of the haters and losers, I have NOTHING to do with Atlantic City - got out a long time ago! 
I can't believe that 60 Minutes is right now showing our nuclear facilities for the world to see (at request of U.S. leadership). STUPID! 
THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET! 
I have nothing to do with the Plaza Casino in Atlantic City. I have not been involved with Atlantic City for many years. Used to love A.C.! 
The three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are: Hard work, stick-to-itiveness, and common sense.
 -- Thomas A. Edison 
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
 -- Winston Churchill 
Via "Donald Trump Fights To Keep Large American Flag Flying At Southland Golf Course" 
On the luxurious Palos Verdes Peninsula features top public course &amp; elite restaurants 
My interview on the border crisis, USMC Tahmooressi &amp; my fight for the American flag (15:00 mark) 
""@zraph Can't wait to go back. Best Hotel in Chicago!" Thanks. 
...Mexico cannot believe what they are getting away with and have absolutely no respect for our leader. 
On June 1st. near Washington, D.C., I will be opening the greatest championship golf course in the U.S. All holes front on the Potomac River 
Rosie is crude, rude, obnoxious and dumb - other than that I like her very much! 
Rosie is back on the View which tells you how desperate they must be. It is the standard short term fix and long term disaster. 
If a person is #1 at Harvard and comes from Europe or Asia, they can't get into the U.S. From Mexico etc. with a criminal record, no problem 
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
 -- Albert Einstein 
Mexico is allowing many thousands to go thru their country &amp; to our very stupid open door. The Mexicans are laughing at us as buses pass by. 
When will the U.S. stop sending $'s to our enemies, i.e. Mexico and others. 
USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi sacrificed for our country. While Obama is welcoming illegals, our Marine is locked in a Mexican jail. #FreeOurMarine 
My conversation from ON THE RECORD 
Central America's tallest building, sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind 
.@AlexSalmond I hope you played well at Royal Aberdeen but u must admit the windmill hovering over hole 14 is disgusting &amp; inappropriate. 
The most stringent gun laws in the U.S. happen to be in Chicago - and look what is happening there! 
Obama looks exhausted and beaten. He was never made or prepared for the job. Like it or not, he doesn't have "it" 
Congratulations to Derek Jeter on being named to 2014 
Obama is in Texas but will not be visiting the border. He is too busy fundraising! 
Featuring &amp; Palm Grill, offers a wide array of acclaimed top dining options 
Located in the beautiful countryside of Mooresville, has a superb clubhouse &amp; top amenities 
In the heart of midtown New York is a landmark which hosts tourists from the around the world daily 
There is only one person who should be crossing our southern border, USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Boycott Mexico? #FreeOurMarine 
We should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. Why are we giving them money in the first place? 
If only the illegals were Tea Party members then Obama would get them out of the country immediately. 
High above the city, pool deck mixes business &amp; pleasure over a soaring bar of sky-bound gold 
Opening in 2016, original twisting design will transform the skyline at 616 ft. &amp; 63 stories 
Thank you to for naming Trump International Golf Links Scotland #1 -- GB&amp;I Best Modern Course -- A great honor! 
Just looked at new selection of Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts -- fantastic! Would make great gifts! 
"Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -- Steve Jobs 
Our country will soon be relegated to THIRD WORLD status if proper decisions are not made by our president. He was never qualified for job! 
The immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesn't have a clue. We need new leadership FAST! 
Your tax dollars well spent. Over 1.295M ObamaCare enrollees will also be illegal immigrants Are you surprised? 
Historic Change! Obama has spent over $44M of our money on travel expenses, the most for any president 
Via by Heather Noel: Shelton School graduate receives handwritten note from Donald Trump 
Buy at the point of maximum pessimism; sell at the point of maximum optimism. -- Sir John Templeton 
Let this be the day you go for your dream. Focus, don't give up, and only accept total and complete victory. You can do it! 
I heard the fireworks show was amazing. Such a great club deserves it! See everyone there soon - fantastic place. 
Happy 4th of July to everyone, including the haters and losers! 
Do these very stupid politicians who got us involved in Iraq look bad, or what? Everybody wants their oil - only made possible by U.S.! 
After foolishly spending two trillion $'s and losing so many great young people, the U.S. will be the only one who won't get the oil in Iraq 
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
 -- Abraham Lincoln 
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.-- Ralph Waldo Emerson 
"If you want to be successful, two important considerations are passion and efficiency." - Think Like a Champion 
.@SharkGregNorman Looking great love the improvements to the buildings and grounds! not to mention course" Thank you. 
Offering two championship courses, has been awarded the honor of hosting the 2017 
via American Spectator "Trump Card" by Jeffrey Lord 
I never quit trying. I never felt that I didn't have a chance to win.
 -- Arnold Palmer 
There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. 
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. 
Trump Turnberry news conference tomorrow at noon, Scotland time. The place is amazing! 
Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire, a dream, a vision. Muhammad Ali 
Awarded the renowned 5-Star rating, the 65-story brings style, luxury &amp; impeccable service 
Make your NYC getaway memorable -- provides both true luxury and top access to Midtown West 
Entrepreneurs: Stay focused and be tenacious. Remain fixed on your goals. 
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either. 
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem. 
"I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance." Steve Jobs 
Amazing. People are sending letters of support for sign to my other properties, including even Thank you! 
What can you learn today that you didn't know before? Set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can. 
The more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. How can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything? 
Business is a creative endeavor. Cultivate a sense of discovery and start thinking big. 
I look forward to my press conference Scotland this Wednesday--lots of great people attending. 
"Have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time." - Think Like a Champion 
Always remember, I was the one who got Obama to release his birth certificate, or whatever that was! Hilary couldn't, McCain couldn't. 
I am in Ireland inspecting my great and very beautiful Atlantic Ocean property. It is one of the most spectacular hotels anywhere! DOONBEG 
Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you. 
#FlashbackFriday Many big movies have filmed in my buildings. Here is in #Transformers 3. 
Lightweight is driving business out of New York for his own public relations benefit. A real dope! 
I know Shia LaBeouf and when sober, a really nice guy. Must get act together fast before too late. 
I just arrived in Barcelona. I make a big speech tomorrow and then off to Ireland and Scotland. 
Practice positive thinking--this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary, negative or detrimental. 
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute. 
Success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less. 
Control your own destiny or someone else will.
 -- Jack Welch 
Our Q1 GDP was -2.9%. Worst in memory -- ObamaCare killing jobs, stopping growth and making small business insecure. 
#TBT Filming an Oreo commercial with Eli Manning, Peyton Manning and Darrell Hammond- 
I'm leaving now for Ireland, Spain, Scotland and elsewhere--crazy life! 
Exclusively The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection features the best ties &amp; shirts at the best prices. 
Secy John Kerry has a tough job but he looks so totally lost negotiating w/ those characters who are cleaning his clock. Sad to watch... 
Eli Wallach was a great actor and a great guy. My opinion-- his performance in The Good the Bad and the Ugly was his all time best! 
I look forward to my press conference on Weds of next week to discuss changes &amp; big investment I'll make. Very exciting! 
America's top public course greens on Palos Verdes Peninsula have been celebrated by 
If you entered our country illegally and are then granted amnesty, why would you abide by other laws? No Amnesty! 
Now Syria is bombing Iraq and Secy. Kerry, after we blew the hell out of the place, says please don't do that. Syria is a front for Iran. 
Boycott Mexico until they release our Marine. With all the money they get from the U.S., this should be an easy one. NO RESPECT! 
Trump Tower Punta Del Este features the Trump Organization's signature superior quality, detail &amp; perfection 
Congrats to on a great victory. I hope my robocalls helped! #NY1 
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
 -- Mark Twain 
The 9.11.12 attack on the Benghazi consulate was a sophisticated, multi-prong wave attack. When will all the 50+ fighters face justice? 
The Benghazi terrorist is getting speedier care than our Vets at the VA. Obama has his priorities. 
A win is a victory for our country. Chris is a Constitutional Conservative who'll make a difference in Washington. 
I am the only potential owner of the who will keep the team in Buffalo, where it belongs! 
I hope voters in Mississippi cast their ballot for He is strong, he is smart &amp; he wants things to change in Washington. 
Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you.
 -- Arnold Palmer 
Must read editorial on $40M NYC taxpayer settlement to Central Park Thugs -- "Wilding for Profit" 
The dying asked me to do an Editorial on the Central Park 5 ripoff &amp; then they pretend it was my idea. Loser newspaper! 
I wonder if when Secy. Kerry goes to Iraq and Afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at GLOBAL WARMING and study the carbon footprint? 
Do you believe that Secy. KERRY just went to Egypt to talk about "human rights problems" and this as everything is being blown up around him 
.@Graeme_McDowell Great playing Graeme - you are a true champion! 
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 10 minutes. Much to talk about, enjoy! 
I'd bet the lawyers for the Central Park 5 are laughing at the stupidity of N.Y.C. when there was such a strong case against their "clients" 
How much money are the lawyers for the Central Park Five getting out of the 40 million dollars, or are they paid by the City (or both)? 
N.Y. City is paying FORTY MILLION DOLLARS to five men that many think are guilty as hell. So many facts - should have been trial. Politics! 
I loved the day Paul Goldberger got fired (or left) as N.Y.Times architecture critic and has since faded into irrelevance. Kamin next! 
Why isn't Mexico releasing our Marine. U.S. should come down really hard on them. They have ZERO respect for our so-called "leader" 
The interview by Jeffrey Lord: "A TRUMP CARD - The Donald talks politics and parenting." 
MUST READ! My editorial: "I love Chicago ... and my sign!" 
From the Wall Street Journal: "Google Steps Into Autism Research" re 
#TBT Saturday Night Live 
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus 
.@TrumpNewYork is NYC's only 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond hotel w/a 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond restaurant 
Mullet Bay Golf Course looks like a slum on the beautiful island of St. Maarten. should be ashamed for allowing this. 
Every day St. Maarten loses vital tourism dollars due to the incompetence of PM Sarah Westcot-Williams. 
What took so long to catch only 1 of the Benghazi terrorists? Especially after the killer has been taunting the US in the press f/2 yrs. 
US Army Reserve will bring Conservative solutions to DC. Next Tuesday, vote for Lee in the NY-1 primary. #zeldinforcongress 
From Fox and Friends interview: Trump: "We should not go back" to Iraq 
Will the Benghazi terrorist use the videotape as a defense? If so, will Obama apologize to him? 
A country that cannot protect its borders is a country destined to fail. Another broken promise by our leaders in Washington. 
The exclusive home of sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of Miami 
Every poll shows high approval of the new sign on I am honored by the great support. 
"May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't" --General George S. Patton 
AMERICA USED TO BE THE LEADER OF THE WORLD. THANKS TO OBAMA AMERICA ISN'T EVEN LEADING FROM BEHIND. 
The exclusive home of sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of Miami 
With our border not being secure, Obama is giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country. An attack is on him. 
.@BreitbartNews:"DONALD TRUMP: CANTOR'S DEFEAT SHOWS 'EVERYBODY' IN CONGRESS VULNERABLE IF THEY SUPPORT AMNESTY" 
The perfect Hawaiian getaway, 462 luxury guest rooms and suites each have spectacular views 
I will be doing The Howard Stern Show at 7 a.m. (10 minutes). Always fun, and interesting, talking to Howard! 
It's time to let Pete Rose, the all time hits leader, into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Enough already!!!!! 
I bought the great Turnberry Resort today - considered by many to have the greatest golf course in the World. I will take good care of it! 
Success comes with hard work, focus and luck. The luck comes to those who seek it out. If you are not in the game, you cannot get lucky. 
When ISIS caught the soldiers, do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them? 
"Choose your own path: It doesn't have to be the path less traveled...What matters is that it's the right one for you." - Vince Lombardi 
Iraq is no longer our problem. We never should have been there in the first place! 
The VA scandal will only get worse over the time. Our vets deserve the best care possible. We must be open to private solutions. 
Congratulations to on their championship. Well-deserved. 
Virginia's highest rated wine by is inspired by the regions of Bordeaux &amp; Champagne 
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. 
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 - 2 minutes. 
Big announcement tomorrow morning concerning the great Turnberry Resort in Scotland! 
Congratulations to Martin Kaymer for winning the 2014 #USOpen. #USGA" Great playing from beginning to end! 
Matt, how many club championships have you won? I hear zero, or 18 fewer than me! Lets play for a lot? 
Matt, you know nothing about quality golf or what it takes to make golf successful. You are all talk, no substance! 
Matt, you don't understand golf (even though you think you do).I have numerous couses that are far superior to Pinehurst 
I have watched Open Championships at Turnberry, one of the great golf courses of the World. Pinehurst not in the same league 
My position on Pinehurst is correct - bad for the game, a dried out cow pasture. You have no clue but keep trying! 
Johnny Miller correctly very critical of greens at Pinehurst. Said they should be "redone" 
I'd bet the horrible look of Pinehurst translates into poor television ratings. This is not what golf is about! 
Big news from Scotland on Turnberry (which, by the way, blows Pinehurst away!) tomorrow morning. Stay tuned. 
.@HollySandersGC. Remember, it was Martin K who sank the big ten footer to win the Ryder Cup. He can handle the pressure! 
I would like to wish all fathers, even the haters and losers, a very happy Fathers Day. 
.@BlairKamin Blair, you may be the worst architectural critic in the business but thanks for your nice reviews about Trump Chicago &amp; sign PR 
.@MattGinellaGC Have you ever seen Trump National/Bedminster or Trump International Golf links in Scotland. Both far better than Pinehurst! 
.@MattGinellaGC Matt, the statement about Pinehurst looking like a local community golf course,"awful", was not made by me but tweeted to me 
.@MattGinellaGC It's true Matt, the NEW "Blue Monster" is better than Pinehurst, so is Bedminster. Turnberry &amp; Trump Aberdeen blow it away! 
I have been very consistent and always said that Iraq would fall as soon as the U.S. left. What a terrible waste of lives and money! 
Iran will convince our incompetent President that they are trying to help us with Iraq, take over the country &amp; oil, and "O" will say thanks 
Turnberry in Scotland is a far superior golf course to Pinehurst - and it isn't even close! Likewise the Blue Monster at Doral. 
Iran is moving troops into Iraq under the guise that it is helping out. Actually, they will take over Iraq and all of their oil. Stupid U.S. 
If you want to be successful in business, you must take risks. Make sure each risk is calculated and can have a positive fallback. 
W/ the ransom Obama paid for deserter Bergdhal, getting Mexico to release USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi is much harder. #BringBackOurMarine 
Jailed USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi should be released immediately. Since when does Mexico care about border security?#BringBackOurMarine 
Had a great time yesterday on with &amp; guest host 
92 stories above North Michigan Avenue, 5-Star rated rooms have the best views of Chicago 
Thank you for the wonderful and honest poll results on Chicago sign. People love it! 
.@TrumpChicago is Chicago's sole destination showcasing a Five-Star rating for both hotel &amp; restaurant 
The Iraqi Army is useless. President Obama, stay the hell out of Iraq (we should never have been there in the first place). 
We should never have gone into Iraq but, once in, should have gotten out a lot faster. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Dopey critic fails to mention the ugly Sun Times sign. 
Before I bought the site, the Sun Times had the biggest, ugliest sign Chicago has ever seen. Mine is magnificent and popular. 
In answer to your questions about my favorite impersonator, the answer is Darrell Hammond. 
I told all of the haters and losers long ago that Iraq would fall, take the OIL or get out fast! Massive waste of lives and trillions of $'s 
Iraq told us to get out, Iraq is now falling, and Iraq now wants us to come back! Don't do it unless we get the OIL, and I mean ALL OF IT! 
Iraq is falling apart fast - two trillion dollars and so many deaths - Bush got us in and Obama took far too long to get us out! 
Someone just asked me, who is my favorite Donald Trump impersonator? 
BTW The Miss USA pageant was the highest rated non-sports telecast on the Big 4 networks. Congrats to our newly crowned 
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. -- Aristotle 
The primary voter spoke last night in VA-7 &amp; won going away. Now the party MUST stand behind him! Unity Unity Unity! 
The 5-star graces over 500 acres fronting 2.5 miles on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare, Ireland 
W/state of the art Clubhouse &amp; our signature amenities, brings true luxury to The Tar Heel State 
Iraq is far worse and of more danger to the U.S. now than it ever was under Saddam Hussein - and this after $2 trillion and so many lives! 
Eric Cantor's concession speech was ridiculous - acted like nothing had just happened. WE NEED REAL LEADERS! 
As I have said, the Tea Party is alive and well and fighting hard for the USA. BIG WIN TODAY! 
Tea Party takes down Eric Cantor - REALLY BIG WIN! 
What I am saying is that we never should have been in Iraq in the first place. Bush was terrible, Obama is worse! Make America GREAT again. 
I told you so a long time ago: Iraq just lost second largest city as their soldiers drop their guns and run. Only the beginning! OIL. 
Be sure to watch interview from the #HospitalityConference 
Five U.S. soldiers killed in Afghanistan by so-called friendly fire. What are we doing? 
.@mdamelincourt Thanks M, you are doing a great job at Trump Toronto! 
Negotiation tip: Know exactly what you want and focus on that. Trust your instincts, even after you've honed your skills. 
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. Be open to change--it's another word for innovation. 
Negotiation tip: View any conflict as an opportunity -- this will expand your mind as well as your horizons. Persistence can go a long way. 
"Career Advice from Donald Trump" via by 
Watch the video where is crowned as the 63rd The Crowning Moment! 
Via by "@realmissnvusa NIA SANCHEZ CROWNED AS 63RD 
Heading over to the Miss USA Pageant. The young women participating are amazing and accomplished. Competition is very tough. ENJOY THE SHOW! 
The man made "climate change" that our "great" president should be focused on is of the NUCLEAR variety brought upon us because of weakness! 
The Miss U.S.A. pageant will be amazing tonight. To be politically incorrect, the girls (women) are REALLY BEAUTIFUL. NBC at 8 PM. 
No president in history has lied to the American people more than President Obama - in fact, it is not even close! 
REMEMBER, the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the Taliban got back leaders (killers) and we got back a NOTHING, WILL COME BACK TO HAUNT U.S.! 
The same "brilliant" negotiators that gave up five Taliban leaders for one traitor are now making trade deals with China &amp; others.No chance 
We have to make the U.S.A. RICH again so that we can afford to pay Social Security, Medicare,and Medicaid and STRONG to keep our enemies out 
By the end of this year China will be the number one economic power on earth and the U.S. will owe 20 trillion dollars, much of it to China! 
Just toured Baton Rouge, Louisiana - GREAT PEOPLE, fantastic place, doing really well. Miss USA Pageant totally sold out.Tomorrow night, NBC 
I am in Baton Rouge where the Miss USA Pageant will be shown live on NBC on Sunday night for 3 hours starting at 8 P.M. INCREDIBLE SHOW! 
The owner of California Gold just made a jerk (fool) out of himself. Just smile and congrat the winner. His wife was visibly embarrassed! 
.@AndrewKreig Thank you Andrew - so correct! 
Will be in Louisiana for the Miss USA Pageant which will be on NBC on Sunday night. Watch Miss Pennsylvania,an interesting and amazing story 
Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - 
Thank you to the greatest heroes #DDay70 #WWII 
Happy 30th Birthday #Ghostbusters! It was great to have be a part of the series. 
Only you can #SavetheQueen during the LIVE telecast of #MissUSA on June 8 at 8/7c on NBC. Click for more info: 
Obama is, without question, the WORST EVER president. I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood! 
BREAKING NEWS: Obama has just made a trade with Russia. They get Florida, California &amp; our gold supply. We get borscht &amp; a bottle of vodka. 
I believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders President Obama gave up for Bergdahl, a great deal of CASH was also given. So stupid! 
Amazing view of 
Congratulations to on her impressive primary win last night. Now all should unite &amp; defeat Bruce Braley this November 
Obama betrays Israel yet again, our strongest ally in the Middle East. He will recognize Hamas, breaking long standing US policy. 
US trade deficit hit $64B+ in April, 2 yr record high We must do better. China is ripping us. Bring the jobs home! 
.@TrumpLasVegas' 7th floor provides the most urbane feel in Las Vegas w/private air-conditioned cabanas &amp; a massive 110 ft. heated pool. 
I hope we never find life on other planets because there's no doubt that the U.S. Government will start sending them money! 
"If you like to work hard, you will attract people with the same ethic." - Think Like a Billionaire 
Chris McDaniel looks like he will win in Mississippi - GREAT NEWS and big victory for Tea Party! 
Obama never consulted with Congress about a prisoner exchange. HE BROKE THE LAW AND SHOULD BE TRIED. OUR PRESIDENT IS A TOTAL DISASTER! 
Are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence? 
Was Susan Rice told to lie about Bergdahl? Obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything, from ObamaCare to a deserter. 
.@newsbusters Thank you for a great and very accurate story - well done! 
Rapidly failing magazine hits me for my strong stance against Obama's "brilliant" 5 killers for 1 deserter trade. Amazing! 
The five Taliban leaders released for a deserter must really be laughing and having a good time right now. They are saying how dumb U.S. is! 
Our President is a great embarrassment to the U.S. How could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap? 
Remember our six brave heroes who died searching for Bergdahl after he deserted (h/t 
It would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our Veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens. 
Airing live from Baton Rouge at 8PM ET on 2014 Competition will be a tremendous event 
Because of our terrible leaders, it is now open season on every American throughout the world. Terrorists are thrilled. 
President said we would never leave a soldier behind. How about the 4 who died in Benghazi? 
Bowe Bergdahl walked off the base after he was told not to. Solders died looking for him. U.S. should NEVER have made the deal! PUNISHMENT? 
Only a grossly incompetent government led by an equally incompetent president could have made the terrible trade for Bergdahl. #OrangeRoom 
That the Obama administration didn't know the facts about who Bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic! 
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum going! It's a big factor in sustaining your success. Keep moving forward! 
Entrepreneurs: If you cannot handle the tough times, you will never be successful in business. Stay positive &amp; stay strong! 
Another Obama disaster- 
The statement about leaving the base came directly from CBS Evening News. 
At some point Sgt. Bergdahl will have to explain his capture. In 2009 he simply wandered off his base without a weapon. Many questions! 
The U.S. cannot negotiate with terrorists. It is a sad and terrible situation for the family involved, but this can only lead to disaster. 
President Obama created a VERY BAD precedent by handing over five Taliban prisoners in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. Another U.S. loss! 
I am in Toronto checking the great Trump International Hotel - highest rated hotel in Canada. It is a beauty! 
#TheArsenioHallShow Well, it had to happen. People that are disloyal, in the long run, never make it. Arsenio was just cancelled! 
Snowden is a traitor and a disgrace. Make no mistake, he is no hero. In fact he is a coward who should come back &amp; face justice. 
The American worker is being victimized by our trade policies. We need smart trade which can only be accomplished by smart dealmakers. 
Our country is on the precipice. Washington is broken. Where is the leadership? 
Our vets are the pride of our nation. The VA scandal is a disgrace.If you can get food stamps so fast, our vets should get immediate care 
The Dunes of are a world treasure threading thru Scotland top Par 72 7,400 yd course 
My speech to on Tuesday at the #NPCLunch on the topic of building a business brand via 
Today at 1:30PM CT I will be addressing in New Orleans Will focus on how to fix our great country. 
#TBT Here I am with and 
Snowden is a liar.and a fraud! 
Have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic: Snowden, ObamaCare, VA, Russia, jobs, decimated military, debt and so much more 
Entrepreneurs: Be prepared and be tough. Cover your bases! There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared. 
Focus on your goals, not your problems. And remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge. 
My speech to yesterday at the #NPCLunch on the topic of building a business brand via 
"Intrinsic means basic, inborn, elemental. If you have an intrinsic value, it cannot be taken away." - Think Like a Champion 
Great story about our conversion of the Old Post Office building in D.C. to luxury hotel- 
Thank you for all of the really nice comments and reviews concerning my speech today at the National Press Club. It was my great honor! 
Like it or not, Edward Snowden is a SPY and should be tried as a SPY! He has stolen invaluable information and damaged us with other nations 
The Blue Monster is celebrated in June issue of Robb Report as the Best of the Best winner in Golf Course Category. 
The Boston Bomber got immediate emergency surgery for a gunshot yet our vets die on waiting lines at the VA. We must do better! 
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -- 
Thomas A. Edison 
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
-- Vince Lombardi 
I am speaking today at the National Press Club, totally sold out, and will then be inspecting The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue! 
What does.Obama know about the VA or business - nothing, just look at the five billion dollar ObamaCare website. We need a real leader! 
.@pgaofamerica A really great tournament, congrats to Monty, Pete B and Ted Bishop. FANTASTIC JOB! 
.@McIlroyRory - Way to go Rory, fantastic victory! 
Have a great and peaceful Memorial Day - but remember, there are people out there who don't want us to have peace. WE MUST BE STRONG!!!! 
Rising 70 stories over Panama Bay, offers our elite amenities in Latin Americas tallest building 
The ObamaCare websites have cost over $5B &amp; many still do not work One of the greatest fiascos in modern history! 
The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets. 
The VA scandal shows the fatal ineptitude of big central planning government. When will we learn? 
Terrible for the economy &amp; middle class, gas has now been over $3/gallon for a record 1,245 days FRACK NOW &amp; FAST! 
Remember our brave men &amp; women who have fallen protecting our country this Memorial Day! 
Very excited to be addressing the next Friday in New Orleans. There is much to discuss! 
Congrats to on winning a spirited primary. Great job, Mitch. 
Via by "@Citizens_United sues for violating 1st Amendment" 
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. Don't ever get down on yourself, just keep fighting - in the end, you WIN! 
Mike Leach's lessons, his takeaways from Geronimo's life are fascinating &amp; useful whether in boardroom or locker room 
Thx, and from a better quotation source: "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -- Wayne Gretzky 
"beepee2004 Thank you very much Donald. Here is another. Thanks--both do justice to a fantastic place. 
I have been watching and loving the United States for many years and have NEVER seen it look weaker or less effective! 
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.
 -- Stephen King 
Just returned from Ireland, Scotland and Dubai. Amazing trip, great places--but always good to be back. 
Entrepreneurs: Do your best to your utmost ability every day. Make that your standard. 
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein 
Going now to make a major speech before some of the world's biggest investors in Dubai! 
Remember, China is not a friend of the United States! 
A classic - China just signs massive oil and gas deal with Russia giving Russia plenty of ammo to continue laughing in U.S. face. 
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--and the best way to be victorious is to be passionate. Find something you love doing! 
Entrepreneurs: Stay focused and be tenacious. Pay attention to people who know what they're talking about. Stay fixed on your goals! 
Entrepreneurs: Get a momentum going. Listen, apply, then move forward. Do not procrastinate. See opportunity as the perk that it is. 
With and the Chairman of DAMAC in Dubai. 
Hitting the first ball at Trump International Dubai, 272 right down the middle. 
The roads and sidewalks, airports and bridges, are perfect in Dubai. Everything looks clean &amp; strong. In U.S., everything is falling apart! 
We must stop releasing hard core criminals all over the United States. Our country must be strong again! 
Getting ready for the big news conference in Dubai. It should all be happening in the U.S., but it isn't - SAD! 
I cannot believe how well certain areas are doing relative to the U.S. There is no reason for this other than poor leadership.WE SHOULD BE 1 
I am in Dubai with Damac. PLACE IS BOOMING - AMAZING! Major news conference in two hours. Announcing luxury villas and major golf course. 
I really like Jay Z but there is trouble in paradise. When his wife's sister starts whacking him, not good! No help from B leads to a mess. 
I will be heading to Dubai where I am doing a GREAT project with Damac - will be a massive success! 
30,000 illegal immigrants with CRIMINAL RECORDS were released last year by our wonderful, though highly incompetent, government. So stupid! 
Amazing five days - developments in Aberdeen, Turnberry (Scotland) and Ireland are fantastic - the best anywhere in the WORLD. A lot of fun! 
Thanks Ronan, see you there! 
NobamaCare won't work, never will work and can't work - it is a total waste of time and energy except that it is hurting people (&amp; economy!) 
Sorry, for all of the millions of people who long to hear my brilliant words of wisdom on Fox &amp; Friends on Monday A.M., no go - in Dubai. 
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
 -- Steve Jobs 
I am in Scotland checking on my developments in Aberdeen and Turnberry. Just left Ireland, property will be great. ALWAYS CHECKING! 
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
 -- Winston Churchill 
"Winners, I am convinced, imagine their dreams first. They want it with all their heart and expect it to come true." - Joe Montana 
Advice from my father, Fred C. Trump: "Know everything you can about what you're doing." 
"Donald Trump is confident that Ireland is ready for a big comeback" via by 
Advice from my mother, Mary MacLeod Trump: "Trust in God and be true to yourself." 
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.
 -- Steve Jobs 
Be a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. 
Don't wait for dire circumstances to test your quick-thinking ability. Be on alert at all times. 
If you are steadfast in your efforts, critics will be harmless. Achievers move forward, and achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. 
Can you conquer the Blue Monster? Book a tee time right here 
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.
-- Vince Lombardi 
"DAMAC Properties Looking forward to welcoming you to Dubai! Have a great trip!" Thank you! 
Heading to Scotland to check out Turnberry &amp; Trump Int'l Golf Links, Scotland. Then heading to Dubai a great company. 
Just spent two days in Ireland at Trump International Golf Links &amp; Hotel -- absolutely magnificent. 
Photo from of Trump International Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland 
It is wonderful to be in beautiful Doonbeg touring I'm truly honored by the wonderful welcome to my family &amp; organization 
will do great in the NFL - all he does is win! Bengals made a very wise decision. 
Thanks to you and the wonderful Simon Carswell for the great story on Trump International Golf Links, Ireland. It will be great 
Time Warner cable out AGAIN in Manhattan - no television. They have a real problem! 
Rosie O'Donnell just said she felt "shame" at being fat-not politically correct! She killed Star Jones for weight loss surgery, just had it! 
Via by "Wind-Power Tax Credits Need to be Blown Away" 
Another historic first under Obama, businesses are collapsing faster than they're being formed New leadership now! 
A rare case where the U.S. should help- 
A message for Hollywood- 
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -- Thomas A. Edison 
Cleveland just made a very wise decision - congrats! 
Teams are making a big mistake not taking Johnny Manziel - he is going to be really good (and exciting to watch). 
Jerry, GREAT pick - you will have a really good season! 
Great pick by Buffalo - Sammy Watkins will be GREAT! 
I think somebody should pick Johnny Football - he will be a star. 
I am watching the NFL DRAFT, will be interesting! A lot of talent but only a few will become STARS. 
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
 -- Ralph Waldo Emerson 
Remember, if you do not promote yourself no one else will. When you have success, let people know about it. 
"Discover your true self and surround yourself with people who complement your gifts and modes of operation." - Midas Touch 
Also, the more desperate you are to close a deal the less likely it will happen. Stay calm and focused on your ultimate goals. Be smart! 
The global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by NUCLEAR WEAPONS in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders! 
Dennis Rodman was either drunk or on drugs (delusional) when he said I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Glad I fired him on Apprentice! 
Crazy Dennis Rodman is saying I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Never discussed, no interest, last place on Earth I want to go to. 
Great decision by in placing as chairman of the Benghazi select committee. Gowdy is a seasoned prosecutor. 
Congratulations to on winning Senate primary. Time for the party to unite and defeat ObamaCare advocate Kay Hagan! 
Designed by New Villa Deluxe Guestrooms include vintage artwork of golf legends 
Either Miss Pennsylvania will pay, her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. She hurt many people! 
Won $5,000,000 against Miss Pennsylvania, Sheena Monnin, for her terrible and untrue statements about Miss USA Pageant. Not a nice person! 
We will never have great national security in the age of computers - too many brilliant nerds can break codes (the old days were better). 
The road to success is always under construction. -- Arnold Palmer 
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best.
 -- Andrew Carnegie 
Aside from having no ratings, sleazy Ed Schultz lied about what I said. Thank you Scott Whitlock 
Just had a great legal victory in Ft. Lauderdale -- won trial -- now will receive tremendous $ in legal fees from losers. Love it! 
Over 90% of American workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to ObamaCare. Repeal before it is too late! 
Celebrated for its room views by soars a luxurious 92 stories over the Windy City 
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in 10 minutes at 7.00. Many things to talk about! ENJOY 
Congrats to my GREAT members at Trump National DC on our club having been chosen to host the 2017 PGA Senior Championship! 
The ring announcers are working hard to justify the Mayweather victory. They should be ashamed of themselves! A TOTAL JOKE. 
No wonder boxing is close to dead! 
Crowd is booing the hell out of that phony decision - place is angry and going wild. Fight was not even close! DISGUSTING. 
The Mayweather decision is a disgrace! 
NO WAY, JUDGES SAY MAYWEATHER WON. INVESTIGATION SHOULD TAKE PLACE. FIX? 
Fight is over - Mayweather lost big - but lets see what judges say! 
Mayweather is getting absolutely killed! 
Floyd Mayweather is being beaten up badly through 10 rounds by Marcos Maidana, but announcers say it is even. TWO ROUNDS LEFT. 
The reporter that called Kevin Durant "Mr. Unreliable" should be fired or, at least, apologize. He is a truly great player and a winner! 
There must be a higher standard of accuracy in the media. Incredible that some so-called "journalists" can make up lies and get away with it 
Have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs, have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead- victory 
.@sethmeyers Seth can't help it - he is really trying hard but just doesn't have what it takes. Very awkward and insecure! 
Seth Myers is so unnatural and uncomfortable doing his show that you have to feel sorry for him. Bad interviewer, marbles in his mouth! 
#FlashbackFriday At Military Academy- second from left. 
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.
-- Albert Einstein 
A feature on the progress of the course #Trump Int'l #Golf Club will feature on Thurs 8 May 2014 0930 &amp; 1630 GMT #DAMAC 
Never make a concession during negotiations that could lead to more demands. Be prudent. It's best to have your concessions predetermined 
Negotiations 101: The best deals you can make are the ones you walk away from...and then get them with better terms. 
Please support our #AutismMayDay campaign highlighting unmet medical needs of people with #autism RT" 
With circulation and advertising revenue doing so badly, rumor has it that dopey Graydon Carter is going to resign? He should. 
ObamaCare not only has brought higher premiums, decreased care &amp; loss of jobs but now .1% Q1 growth. REPEAL BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE! 
Will be doing interview on at 8.00 this morning. Will be talking about getting the great PGA Championship &amp; Senior PGA etc. 
Wow, Vanity Fair was totally shut out at the National Magazine Awards - it got NOTHING. Graydon Carter is a loser with bad food restaurants! 
Excited to host two great championships at two of our best properties, at Trump DC &amp; at Trump Bedminster 
Announced w/ that we will bring to &amp; to Trump Bedminster 
Getting ready for some big news with my friends at 
It will now start to cool down concerning Sterling and the Clippers. This mess will start to fade, after litigation, into the murky past! 
Commissioner Adam Silver made a strong and very wise decision concerning Donald Sterling. 
The premier landmark in midtown NYC, Trump Tower features our signature amenities w/a magnificent waterfall 
.@jamieaydt Happy Birthday Jamie! 
Just to show you how dishonest certain reporters are, here is my interview- 
It is also amazing how comments can be edited to provide statements that are used in a knowingly incorrect manner. 
A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS! 
It is amazing that after lambasting Donald Sterling on some DISHONEST press only reported my GIRLFRIEND FROM HELL statement! 
Young Entrepeneurs: Think Big, Stay Motivated &amp; Always Remain Confident. The Sky is the Limit. 
Putin has shown the world what happens when America has weak leaders. Peace Through Strength! 
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 - will be discussing the the Donald Sterling (Clippers) MESS! 
President Obama is losing on so many fronts, in fact all fronts, that I am concerned he will do something totally irrational. He can't lead! 
Isn't it ironic that China is going all in nuclear for energy while at the same time making wind turbines for others. 
If you have passion, confidence, resilience, &amp; vision, you could become an entrepreneur. Add focus to the list &amp; you're off to a good start 
The only Five-Star &amp; hotel in NYC, is the definition of luxury The Best! 
We allow Japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we can't make a trade deal with them - our country is in big trouble! 
N.Y.Times headline states Obama suffers setbacks in Japan trade deal. Can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us, WE HAVE CARDS 
#TBT As a young man when I proposed the Convention Center in New York City. 
Thank you for naming the #1 golf course in Miami 
South Korea is absolutely killing us on trade deals. Their surplus vs U.S. is massive - and we pay for their protection. WHO NEGOTIATES? 
It was great to see you - say hi to all! 
"Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you stronger." - Think Big 
No surprise Assad is not destroying his chemical weapons. He never intended to in the first place. 
New Yorkers will get a chance to see a film for free this summer from and My choice? Citizen Kane #FilmForAll 
The city of Buffalo is struggling. Moving the would be catastrophic. The Bills belong in Buffalo! 
"To be a visionary you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily." - Think Like a Billionaire 
Interesting how President Obama is flying around in a Boeing 747 on so-called Earth Day! 
The way President Obama runs down the stairs of Air Force 1, hopping &amp; bobbing all the way, is so inelegant and unpresidential. Do not fall! 
.@McIlroyRory Thanks for your nice note - they love you at Trump National Doral. You are looking good - will have a GREAT year! 
Always remember, SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE! 
China is closing a massive oil deal w/ Russia, taking advantage of the Ukraine conflict Smart, unlike our leaders. 
The NYPD Surveillance Program kept NYC safe since 9/11. There will be tragic consequences for ending it. 
Rep. Stephen Lynch (D-Ma) said, "There's all of these taxes and fees that are the tough medicine..it's going to hit the fan" 're ObamaCare. 
Last Thursday Obama said "investing in infrastructure would improve our economy for the long term" The next day he again stopped Keystone 
Get the big picture--but be prepared for the picture to change. Where there's a will, there's a win. Think positively! 
Understand that difficulties, mistakes and setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life...But always look for the opportunities. 
"Think big, set your vision high, and go for it. You'll be shocked by what you can accomplish when you do. " - Midas Touch 
With two champion style courses graces 600 rolling acres along the peaceful and scenic Potomac River 
Once the tragic mistake of going into Iraq was made, we should have at least taken the oil (or at least some of it). Now Iran &amp; China get it 
After thousands lost and spending two trillion dollars, Iraq (I told you so) is imploding. Really dumb pols put us and kept us there-so sad! 
If America unlocked its energy potential, we would once again be the most powerful country in the world. Washington is holding us back. 
A storied franchise with a loyal fanbase, should remain in Buffalo. 
"We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business." - Think Like a Champion 
Just finished another week of filming This season, a record 14th, is shaping up to be the best yet. 
Obama through his cronies said the Keysyone pipeline was "not political" - how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things? 
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 (15 minutes). Enjoy it and your day! 
Huffington Post is just upset that I said its purchase by AOL has been a disaster and that Arianna Huffington is ugly both inside and out! 
Look, Snowden is bad, done tremendous damage to our country and standing - but we have far worse in our government (guess who?). 
HAPPY EASTER - HAVE A GREAT DAY! 
Frank, you are making a mistake. No one will do a better job than me and team would stay in Buffalo. 
Have to go now to sign a great and job producing deal! Good night. 
Snowden is a spy who has caused great damage to the U.S. A spy in the old days, when our country was respected and strong, would be executed 
I give Secretary of State John Kerry credit for working and trying hard, but he has zero negotiating ability! 
Remember, Russia still has Snowden. When are we going to bring that piece of human garbage back home to stand trial? He caused great damage! 
Nasty for the middle class, electricity prices surged to an all-time high this past March FRACK NOW 
The West Coast's most luxurious public course features spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views 
Why did Pres Obama remove sanctions against Iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation &amp; then remove sanctions? 
"The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender." - Head Coach Marv Levy 
CBO now estimates that over 2.5M will lose jobs directly because of ObamaCare. REPEAL now before it is too late. 
Oscar Pistorious is guilty as hell! 
#TBT WrestleMania 23 
Always fun to read the investigative piece re his mascara and more! 
America is at a great disadvantage. Putin is ex-KGB, Obama is a community organizer. Unfair. 
My interview w/@seanhannity 
Via BY "@TigerWoods brings charity golf playoffs toTrump Nat'l/Bedminster" 
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit. 
"The price of greatness is responsibility." -- Winston Churchill 
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals, know precisely what you want to achieve. Then study the best people in your field and learn from them. 
Entrepreneurs--Always remember that every day counts. Stay focused. Stay positive and develop momentum. 
I pick the best locations- has incredible views of beautiful Lake Norman. 
"Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results." - Think Like a Billionaire 
In Hudson Valley course has pristine fairways, tour caliber greens &amp; 64 strategic sand bunkers 
Thank you! 
NYC's sole hammam, The Spa at offers classic treatments inspired by wellness rituals f/around the world 
"I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance."--Steve Jobs 
Summer's almost here, update your business wardrobe with Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available 
Oscar Pistorious, "the blade runner," is as guilty as O.J. I wonder if the result will be the same? 
have no doubt that you will come to your senses about the costly, bird killing and very ugly wind turbines dotting Scotland. 
.@AlexSalmond - Ireland just ended the bird killing wind farm near my great resort on the Atlantic Ocean. The reason, would hurt tourism! 
Al Sharpton said they are "even making it more harder to register people to vote". Which is worse, his grammar or his thoughts? 
Big thanks to &amp; for hosting me at #NHFreedomSummit. Will be back to the Granite State soon! 
On the shores of Lake Norman, presents the true luxury lifestyle and an elite golf course 
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last. 
 -- Winston Churchill 
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results. 
 -- Winston Churchill 
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. -- Latin Proverb 
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. (1 hour). ENJOY! 
.@JordanSpieth Great playing at the Masters and don't get down Jordan, you will win many tournaments and many MAJORS! Keep working hard. 
.@bubbawatson What a great player you have turned out to be but also, what a great guy! Congratulations on another fantastic Masters win. 
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.
 -- Albert Einstein 
#FlashbackFriday With Mickey Rooney, and 
It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. -- Winston Churchill 
.@KAThomas212 Congratulations on joining the finest and fastest growing group of very talented people in the City. You will be GREAT! 
Congratulations to - I will see you on the show! 
Entrepreneurs, keep this in mind:
"Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds."
 -- Albert Einstein 
Entrepreneurs, always remember that every business relationship can lead to greater deals in the future. Be sure to cultivate relationships 
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson 
Into our first week of filming the Celebrities are already turning up the heat. Major fireworks! 
#TBT On the stage during the Emmys performing "Green Acres" with Megan Mullally 
Really looking forward to watching The Masters this weekend - one of THE GREATEST SHOWS ON EARTH! 
My interview re Jeb Bush's absurd immigration comment &amp; Freedom Summit. 
Looking forward to speaking at Saturday's Freedom Summit in Manchester. Second visit to New Hampshire this year. 
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral in Miami is doing record business - everybody wants a piece of it. Great reviews. Thank you! 
Kim, keep up the great work - you are really doing well! 
It's 4.35 a.m. and I am working on a very exciting (and hopefully very good) deal - a major resort. THE HARDER I WORK, THE LUCKIER I GET! 
Launching the Trump Home by Dorya Furniture Collection today. It looks amazing! 
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 this morning - ENJOY! 
Thanks Xena! 
.@Lexi Great job in winning your first of many "majors". We are proud of you at Trump International. Work hard - be an all time great! 
Haters and losers say I wear a wig (I don't), say I went bankrupt (I didn't), say I'm worth $3.9 billion (much more). They know the truth! 
Major League Baseball was really smart when they wouldn't let Mark Cuban buy a team. Was it his financials or the fact that he's an asshole? 
For China, of all nations, to search the massive Indian Ocean and pick up the ping from the black box of flight 370 sounds a bit far fetched 
Thanks Kat! 
I hate what has happened to the once great 
I can't believe that would waste time and money with - he has got nothing going. Jeff Zucker must be losing his touch! 
.@Neilyoung- one of my favorite musicians- in my office. 
"Never let the fear of striking out get in your way." -- Babe Ruth 
I can't believe David Letterman has announced his retirement--he is a great guy! 
Ask yourself: "What can I learn today that I didn't know before?" Always be a student, always be open to new ideas. 
"If Trump became president he would do an amazing job; if Obama took over Celebrity Apprentice, he'd fail." What's your opinion? I agree! 
"Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance."-- Samuel Johnson 
I hear the very ungrateful has a show that is absolutely dying in the ratings. Really too bad! 
Entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees.Make it an example that will best serve the success of your business. 
Entrepreneurs: Be cautiously optimistic. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. 
Visit the highly acclaimed Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago and its exceptional 'Sixteen' restaurant 
"If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough."
 -- Mario Andretti 
Today in history WrestleMania 23: I shave hair--highest rated show in WWE history 
"People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing."-- Andrew Carnegie 
"Discovery breeds discovery, as in success breeds success. Questions are thoughts with a quest." -- Think Like a Champion 
The signature restaurant of is both a Forbes Five-Star &amp; AAA Five-Diamond restaurant 
Yesterday in front of Rockefeller Center 
In New York, March was the coldest month in recorded history - we could use some GLOBAL WARMING! 
Noisy windfarm driving community crazy! 
Because of President Obama's failed leadership, we have put Vladimir Putin &amp; Russia back on the world stage! --No reason for this. 
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson 
Sorry, couldn't do this morning--big meeting. Will double up next week at 7. 
.@MagicJohnson Good luck with the Dodgers this season, if they were like you they would never lose a game! 
.@genesimmons Keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you! 
Your new TRUMP tower in Vancouver looks fantastic. I'm gonna pick up a unit. Just can't say no to 5-star living #motivation" 
.@ArsenioHall - How quickly people forget, but not me! You told me that without The Apprentice you could never have gotten your show - Sad! 
.@ArsenioHall - The only thing you don't mention in the nice Esquire piece about you is The Apprentice, without which you would be nowhere! 
for president - it's reality, he is reality and he is the ONLY one capable of making the necessary changes 
To all haters and losers: I am NOT anti-vaccine, but I am against shooting massive doses into tiny children. Spread shots out over time. 
To all young (and old) entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself, talk yourself up! Energize yourself and you'll energize others. 
"Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working." -- Pablo Picasso 
Join and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism! 
With autism being way up, what do we have to lose by having doctors give small dose vaccines vs. big pump doses into those tiny bodies? 
Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn't feel good and changes - AUTISM. Many such cases! 
Coach W to his basketball players - BE QUICK BUT DON'T HURRY! 
If I were President I would push for proper vaccinations but would not allow one time massive shots that a small child cannot take - AUTISM. 
Autism WAY UP - I believe in vaccinations but not massive, all at once, shots. Too much for small child to handle. Govt. should stop NOW! 
#TBT For all who have been asking, my mother was a great beauty and a wonderful person. Here we are with my father- 
.@genesimmons is terrific--congratulations on Hall of Fame. 
Remember, oftentimes the best deal you make is the deal you don't make! 
Listen to my interview with at - 
I will be ON THE RECORD with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 7 pm eastern/FOX News Channel 
"If you're going through hell, keep going." -- Winston Churchill 
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." -- Winston Churchill 
"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life." -- Winston Churchill 
Some great quotes from the legendary and courageous Winston Churchill: "Never, never, never give up." ... 
By Obama mentioning Manhattan yesterday in his response, he has singlehandedly made it target #1. How totally stupid is this guy? 
This is the time for the United States to be strengthening all important military components - not rolling over and dealing from weakness! 
Not good or smart for Obama to be calling Russia a "regional" power or to mention the concept of a nuclear weapon going off in NYC. 
President Obama looks absolutely exhausted in the Netherlands. He is not a natural leader, was never ment to lead - it is tough work for him 
"He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else." -- 
Benjamin Franklin 
Robert Slater, who just passed away, was a terrific writer who wrote a very fair book about me. He will be missed. 
Getting to the point is appreciated by everyone. Here's some advice for public speaking: "Be sincere; be brief; be seated." F.D. Roosevelt 
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -- Wayne Gretzky 
I had a great time answering your questions in the latest #AskTheDonald. Watch and see if your question made it in- 
Thank you to &amp; Sports Illustrated for the really nice piece about me. March 17, 2014 issue 
Obama must now FOCUS, get his mind off "March.Madness", and LEAD! Watch Russia closely, work hard on the economy and get rid of ObamaCare! 
The situation with Russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to World War III. WE NEED GREAT LEADERSHIP FAST 
We should be building up our military and our missile defense systems to their highest levels ever. Must be very strong to prosper &amp; survive 
I believe Putin will continue to re-build the Russian Empire. He has zero respect for Obama or the U.S.! 
Putin has become a big hero in Russia with an all time high popularity. Obama, on the other hand, has fallen to his lowest ever numbers. SAD 
Great advice from my father: "Know everything you can about what you're doing." -- Fred C. Trump 
"Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential." -- Winston Churchill 
President Obama, be cool, be smart, be sharp and FOCUS (no more March Madness), and you can beat Putin at his own game. IT CAN BE DONE! 
While Putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the World, President Obama is watching March Madness (basketball)! 
I don't hate Obama at all, I just think he is an absolutely terrible president, maybe the worst in our history! 
We're spending a fortune looking for the lost plane with mostly Chinese passengers, and that's OK-but how much are Russia &amp; China spending? 
President Obama was able to fool the Americans by getting elected, but not able to fool Vladimir Putin. Too bad for us! 
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently." -- Henry Ford 
"Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out." -- John Wooden 
Looks like plane may have been found in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Australia. 
Lithium ion batteries should not be allowed to be used in aircraft. I won't fly on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner - it uses those batteries. 
Plane was carrying those terrible lithium ion batteries, which are highly combustible, as cargo. Fire could have started in cockpit. 
It's almost like the United States has no President - we are a rudderless ship heading for a major disaster. Good luck everyone! 
.@AlexSalmond, Wind turbines are ripping your country apart and killing tourism.Electric bills in Scotland are skyrocketing-stop the madness 
Head on over to my Facebook page to have your questions answered in the next #AskTheDonald- 
Thanks Dan 
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection's new line is out --ties, shirts, accessories -- great &amp; going fast! 
Business is an art in itself &amp; powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.- Think Like a Champion 
"Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets." -- Midas Touch 
" Please stop renovating/creating golf courses. We need you to renovate the White House! #trumpforpresident" Cute! 
"It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer." -- Albert Einstein 
"Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today's world." -- Think Like a Champion 
President Obama could totally solve the problem with Putin by demanding that Russia sign on to ObamaCare, thereby destroying their economy! 
Wow, Putin is really taking advantage of President Obama. It is important that Obama responds with strength and determination-be smart-cool! 
Some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them! 
5 year old Trey has terminal cancer. I'm helping him go to Disney, won't you? 
There are many editorial writers that are good, some great, &amp; some bad. But the least talented of all is frumpy Gail Collins of NYTimes. 
Join and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism! 
"The best vision is insight." -- Malcolm Forbes 
I won't be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning in that I have a big breakfast meeting on a deal. I will be back next week at 7. Thank you! 
When nobody wanted the UFC, I opened the way by letting them fight at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City. Dana White has done a great job! 
Frumpy and very dumb Gail Collins, an editorial writer at The New York Times, is so lucky to even have a job. Check her out - incompetent! 
.@garyplayer As a true champion you must have enjoyed how difficult but fair The Blue Monster played last weekend. Gary Player Villa loved! 
While I won't be running for Governor of New York State, a race I would have won, I have much bigger plans in mind- stay tuned, will happen! 
The top leadership of the New York State Republican Party is totally dysfunctional - they haven't won a major election in many years. 
I have clearly stated that if the New York State Republican Party is able to unify, I would run for Governor and win. They can't unify -SAD! 
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." -- Aristotle 
"One who fears failure limits his activities. Failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again."
 -- Henry Ford 
Thanks! 
AMAZING how the press protected President Obama when he did the so-called comedy routine with Zach G. He looked like a fool - they said cute 
I just beat a lawyer from Yale and a lawyer from Harvard, who teamed up against me, in a major case worth millions ($). They were so dumb! 
Just did theToday Show to announce that Baton Rouge, Louisiana will host the Miss USA Pageant on Sunday, June 8th. USA. 
Trump Victorious in Fort Lauderdale Litigation 
Congratulations to for the two top rentals in 2013! #TIRNYC 
"Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other." 
 -- Abraham Lincoln 
"By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail."
 -- Benjamin Franklin 
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." 
 -- Mark Twain 
"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else."
 -- Albert Einstein 
"Rosechem1 One of the reasons that I like you is because I feel that old American greatness in your mentality. It makes me feel hope!" Thx. 
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up."
-- Thomas A. Edison 
Have passion, drive, and enthusiasm? You can check out the careers here: 
The #CNBC 25 poll is a joke. I was in 9th place and taken off. (Politics?) No wonder ratings are going down the tubes. 
Congratulations to Patrick Reed for winning at Trump National Doral. He told me The Blue Monster is "the best course I've ever played" 
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 (10 minutes). ENJOY! 
Leaders at Trump National Doral are only one under par. The great Ben Hogan said, "I've never seen a great course that was easy!" 
The newly built Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is being considered a "masterpiece" by almost all who see it and play it - THANK YOU! 
"The road to success is always under construction." 
-- Arnold Palmer 
Thanks Sasha! 
The unbiased reporters and attendees said mine was the best and most well received speech at CPAC - THANK YOU! 
Actually I was very nice to Jimmy Carter during my standing room only (&amp; standing ovation) speech for CPAC - stated better Pres. than Obama! 
Of course I don't think Jimmy Carter is dead-saw him today on T.V. Just being sarcastic, but never thought he was alive as President, stiff! 
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Toronto continues to receive accolades. Great city, great hotel. #TrumpToronto 
"Is business success a natural talent? I think it's a combination of aptitude, work and luck." -- Think Like a Champion 
"Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today's world." -- Think Like a Champion 
"We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts."
-- Gary Player 
"The more predictable the business, the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience." --Midas Touch 
Elite Traveler &amp; the 12 Best Hotel Room Views in the World #TrumpChicago 
"You're never a loser until you quit trying." -- Mike Ditka 
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. -- Think Like a Billionaire. 
The opening of the Villa at trumpdoral 
Charlie, sounds good to me! 
Thanks Colleen! 
Live on the edge--no complacency is allowed--and keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor. 
If you're passionate about your work, you will never give up. 
Remember to keep going--if you stop, your momentum will stop. 
".@KirschnerDavid 
@realDonaldTrump Congrats Mr. Trump on making list of wealthiest in the world." Thanks! 
.@AustinKaiser52 The 2 people I am most excited to hear speak on Thrursday at is &amp; #DCBound" Thanks. 
Actually Putin doesn't want Alaska because the Environmental Protection Agency will make it impossible for him to drill for oil! 
What do you think Obama will do when Putin seizes Alaska? 
Baltimore just set a record for the coldest day in March in a long recorded history - 4 degrees. Other places likewise. Global warming con! 
.@Mitt Romney strongly stated, in one of the debates with Pres. OBAMA, that Russia is the big problem. Obama scoffed. Mitt was 100% correct! 
New York Magazine just named the most influential "tweeters" in N.Y. and one Donald Trump was #2 after ESPN. Actually, I'm easily #1! 
.@JTimberlake It was great having you play The Blue Monster. Thanks for your nice statements-many agree that it is best they've seen! 
Very exciting week for I will be in Miami opening what will soon be best resort in U.S. World Golf Championship this week! 
Ellen, you should get rid of Andy Lassner - the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent. Good try last night! 
I have always liked Ellen, done her show numerous times, but she was not good last night - fumbling and stumbling! 
Ellen was so awkward and insecure last night. The pizza skit was terrible. She should dump Andy Lassner, a guy with no absolutely no talent! 
What is he reading? #Oscars 
M.M. is a good choice - also, nice guy! #Oscars 
Angelina and Sidney had a really strange vibe going! #Oscars 
Was President Obama in charge of this years Academy Awards - they remind me of the ObamaCare website! #Oscars. 
This is Amateur Night - who the hell is in charge of this production? #Oscars 
This cannot be the the Academy Awards #Oscars AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
They should have allowed applause during the TRIBUTE to the departed - Really bad production. Bette Midler sucked! #Oscars 
Little Andy Lassner, who lives his life through Ellen and has nothing else going for himself, is having a really bad night! #Oscars 
Judy Garland was much better, to put it mildly! #Oscars 
I don't know how much longer I can take this bullshit - so terrible! #Oscars 
Ellen is sadly having a hard time with her lines. #Oscars 
Do you believe this singing? #Oscars 
Which is worse and which is more dishonest - the #Oscars or the Emmys? 
They must be kidding - can this be happening #Oscars 
Certain people are ruining their reputations tonight-really sad! #Oscars 
I should host the #Oscars just to shake things up - this is not good! 
Just terrible! #Oscars 
Is this boring or is it just me? #Oscars 
I'm having a real hard time watching the Academy Awards (so far). The last song was terrible! Kim should sue her plastic surgeon! #Oscars 
I am at Trump National Doral in Miami as the best golfers in the World start arriving for the World Golf Championship (Cadillac). A big week 
Sissy Graydon Carter of failing Vanity Fair Magazine and owner of bad food restaurants has a problem-his V.F. Oscar party is no longer "hot" 
Will be playing golf today with Rand Paul at Trump International in Palm Beach. Will be both interesting and fun! 
China has just intervened to lower the yuan- in other words, they will continue to screw the U.S.! 
By popular(extremely) demand, I will be live tweeting the #Oscars2014 on Sunday night. Tell all your friends I will not be pulling punches! 
.@MarkBurnettTV and his incredible wife did a fabulous movie, see it! 
I'll be playing golf tomorrow in Palm Beach at the number one rated golf course in the State of Florida, Trump International Golf Club. 
The World is falling apart around us, but we don't have people who know how to play the game. The U.S. is in big trouble - no leadership! 
The U.S. has appealed ro Russia not to intervene in Ukraine - Russia tells U.S. they will not become involved, and then laughs loudly! 
Obama just stated "he didn't take school seriously, made bad choices and GOT HIGH" - then how the hell did he get into Columbia &amp; Harvard? 
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr of for the fantastic piece on Benghazi. 
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr of for the fantastic piece on Benghazi. 
Congrats to Charles for his statements on climate change, formerly known as global warming! 
Disappointed the article on did not bring up his dealings w/ Shirley Huntley. 
"Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you." -- Aldous Huxley 
Success tip: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities, &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them. 
Success tip: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. 
Success tip: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. 
Lightweight is driving business out of NY so that he can get publicity for his failing political career. 
Great advice. My Dad (also a developer) always reminded me that "we're in the problem solving business." So true! 
Just did final purchase on fabulous in Ireland. Will become Trump International Hotel &amp; Golf Links, Ireland. Very exciting! 
To aspiring entrepreneurs: Be tenacious. Once you've decided on your goals, remain fixed on them. Set the bar high! 
To aspiring entrepreneurs: Be ready for problems. You'll have them every day. So remember to look at the solution--not the problem. 
To aspiring entrepreneurs: Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason. 
To aspiring entrepreneurs: Be focused! Know your goals. Put everything you've got into what you're doing--every single day. 
Models! Remember to register for the Trump Model Search. Check out the info here: 
With the World hating us and wanting to destroy the U.S., we have just cut the hell out of the military budget, making it smallest since '39 
Iraq buying $200,000,000 worth of weapons from Iran. Despite so many killed and trillions spent, Iraq dumps U.S. I TOLD YOU SO LONG AGO! 
Building a personal brand? Then focus on being great. Focus on being the best at what you do. Excellent article: 
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. See yourself as victorious and leading a winning team. Keep everyone moving forward. 
Entrepreneurs: Don't expect anyone to be on your side. Sometimes we're all in this alone. So believing in yourself is mandatory. 
Entrepreneurs: Everything starts with you. Leadership is not a group effort--if you're in charge, then be in charge. 
We could make America great again by spreading ObamaCare throughout the World while at the same time dropping it from U.S.! 
Whether you like it or not, the Russians did a great job in hosting the Olympics! Remember when Obama went to Europe to get Olympics-fourth. 
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 20 minutes. ENJOY! 
Russia beat the United States in the Olympics-another Obama embarrassment! Isn't it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass? 
Do you think that very dumb reporter(blogger) McKay Coppins has apologized to his wife for his very inappropriate behavior while in Florida? 
.@danawhite - You have done an amazing job - I am proud to have been there at the very beginning! 
.@AllenWest Great seeing you last night at record setting Mar-a-Lago Republican event. The crowd loved you! 
"Great minds have purposes; others have wishes." --Washington Irving 
"Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance."
-- Samuel Johnson 
.@MichaelRCaputo Thank you for all of your support, you have been amazing! 
.@KieranLalor I created far more jobs and success in Dutchess than you--you should be "Fired." 
I took a failed club in Dutchess County &amp; made it a great success plus many jobs. should be thankful. 
.@FLGovScott can create tens of thousands of jobs by approving casinos in Miami--it's time. 
Individual commitment to a group effort is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.
-- Vince Lombardi 
A poll of the Miami-Dade was conclusively in favor of gambling in Miami. 
Governor Cuomo is right about one thing - Attorney General Eric Schneiderman does wear eyeliner! What the hell is up with him? 
Actually, I like you! 
Thank you to Jeffrey Lord for his incredible &amp; insightful article this weekend on failing &amp; irrelevant 
Thank you to Matt Boyle for analytical &amp; well written piece on sleazebag blogger &amp; irrelevant 
NY State Republican Party must unify or November will be another disaster. 
Isn't it crazy, I'm worth billions of dollars, employ thousands of people, and get libeled by moron bloggers who can't afford a suit! WILD. 
did a great job of destroying the little remaining credibility of and the very dumb Ben Smith. 
I wonder how much money dumb and even dumber Ben Smith loooose each year? They have zero credibility - totally irrelevant and sad! 
Ben Smith (is that really his last name?) of is a total mess who probably got his minion Coppins to do what he didn't want to do? 
Amazing story in about the sleazebag blogger Coppins who fabricated nonsense about me for irrelevant CONGRATS! 
"Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success." -- Henry Ford 
Bloggers like McKay Coppins &amp; are true garbage with no credibility. Record setting crowds &amp; speech not reported. 
Thank you Jeffrey Lord for the great article discrediting third rate site &amp; slimebag reporter McKay Coppins.@PiersMorgan 
A legitimate article about me...http://t.co/E2d1qAdAhm 
It's not climate change,it's global warming.Don't let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didn't work 
Do you think John Kerry is aware of the fact that they are building nuclear weapons in Iran and North Korea and Pakistan already has them!! 
Do you believe this one - Secretary of State John Kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. Laughable 
Don't let the GLOBAL WARMING wiseguys get away with changing the name to CLIMATE CHANGE because the FACTS do not let GW tag to work anymore! 
Due to the holiday, I will NOT be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning. Next Monday at 7. 
Never said it, a total misquote. 
I never equated wind farms to the Pan Am Lockerbie disaster - only stated that should never have released the terrorist - BAD! 
How come discredited reporter refused to write that the events in New Hampshire, Buffalo and N.Y. were all record breakers! 
is a failed and dishonest reporter who refuses to mention the sarcasm in my voice when referring to him or irrelevant buzzfeed 
One of the great places on the planet, and will only get better now that I own it and will be investing large sums in it! 
The brand new Blue Monster Golf Course at Trump National Doral is doing fantastic business. Also, the new driving range is open at night! 
A dishonest slob of a reporter, who doesn't understand my sarcasm when talking about him or his wife, wrote a foolish &amp; boring Trump "hit" 
Set the bar high--do the best you possibly can. Be focused, disciplined and alert every single day. 
"I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun."
 -- Thomas A. Edison 
#BlueMonster looks fantastic. Great time at the Grand Opening, now looking forward to the 
I hope that Derek Jeter has such a fantastic year with that he changes his mind about retiring. Great guy! 
The Irish government is too smart to destroy their beautiful coastline w/ bird-killing, ugly wind turbines. 
My new club on the Atlantic Ocean in Ireland will soon be one of the best in the World - and no-one will be looking into ugly wind turbines! 
Do you believe the way Karzai talks down to the United States - zero respect! 
Thanks Dan. 
Give your goals substance -- make them count on as many levels as you can. Remember that passion can be the catalyst for great achievement. 
A big part of the country, even the southern states, is under massive attack from snow and freezing cold. Global warming anyone? 
Our clubhouse facility &amp; suites in Ireland #TrumpIreland 
Great making keynote speech at 2014 Lincoln Day Dinner, hosted by Dan Isaacs &amp; NY Republican County Committee. Wonderful people! 
My sons, Don and Eric, are in Ireland looking at my new club. It will be phenomenal! 
"Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other." -- Abraham Lincoln 
"If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves." -- Thomas A. Edison 
"Don't sell yourself short on something that is important. Today is just the beginning." -- Think Like a Champion 
If ObamaCare is such a wonderful law then why does Obama summarily change the law before an election? 
Make it special! No better place to celebrate St. Patrick's Day in the Windy City than 
My sons Don and Eric are right now at Doonbeg in Ireland. There will be nothing like it! 
The people of Ireland have been so great about my purchase of Doonbeg -- I'll be there soon. 
Looking forward to addressing the record setting crowd tonight at the New York County Lincoln Day Dinner. Lots to talk about! 
Great purchase in Ireland--- will be a top spot! 
"Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work." - Think Like a Champion 
Governor Cuomo only cut the Verrazano Bridge tolls because I made it a major point in speeches. I love the people of Staten Island! 
Anytime you see someone talking about celebrity weight loss on my "twitter" it is a total scam! 
True and thanks! 
Thanks Kasey! 
Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 A.M. ENJOY! 
I've been saying for three months that the bridge tolls to Staten Island are far too high and unfair-just got lowered, but not nearly enough 
But nobody asked-a great school! 
46 stories above downtown New York, features loft-inspired interiors designed by Fendi Casa 
"Remember that things are cyclical, so be resilient, be patient, be creative, and remain positive." - Think Like a Champion 
How does frumpy &amp; little read editorial writer Gail Collins keep her job? She is totally irrelevant! 
Never allow your attitude to be a liability. Be positive and strong. Set your mind on winning-- and keep it there. 
Negotiation: It is persuasion more than power. 
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."
-- Steve Jobs 
"An investment in knowledge pays the best interest."
-- Benjamin Franklin 
The Blue Monster Golf Course officially opens tomorrow at Trump National Doral with a ribbon cutting ceremony. GREAT COURSE, GREAT REVIEWS! 
Wow, just in - ObamaCare projected to cause large scale drop in jobs - even Dems are shocked by 2.5 million number. DISASTER! 
When will our country stop wasting money on global warming and so many other truly "STUPID" things and begin to focus on lower taxes? 
Massive record setting snowstorm and freezing temperatures in U.S. Smart that GLOBAL WARMING hoaxsters changed name to CLIMATE CHANGE! $$$$ 
"Realize that an entrepreneur's most important gift to the world is jobs, security, and well-being for others." - Midas Touch 
Congress should be worried about American workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws. 
CBO estimates over 2.3M jobs will be lost due to ObamaCare Elections have consequences. 
Congrats to Pres.Obama and Dems. CBO has TRIPLED its estimate of working hours lost due to ObamaCare Job Killer 
highest rated wine in VA, uses gentle techniques to produce quality wines 
In 2016, the Old Post Office will be fully transformed into an iconic destination, Trump Int'l Washington DC 
"Experience, knowledge, and prescience are a formidable combination of powers. Do not underestimate them." - Think Like a Champion 
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
--Thomas A. Edison 
"Chance favors the prepared mind."
-- Louis Pasteur 
The President of the U.S. is the leader of the Free World. He should dress like it at all times. Wear a suit and a tie for major interviews. 
The comes to Miami on March 6th when the returns to See you there! 
Watch commodity prices soar because of the freezing cold. Will be bad for the economy. We could use some global warming. 
The had a truly bad day--my advice is to go home, forget about it, and come back tough next year. 
I can't get over, after all of the buildup, what a terrible game that was-the worst Super Bowl in history. The advertisers must be furious! 
This may be the worst football game ever played by one team, Denver! Hard to watch. 
Enjoy the Super Bowl! 
Go to the website for the Judge's full decision re Trump University: 
COURT FINDS IN FAVOR OF TRUMP UNIVERSITY 
"The unforgivable crime is soft hitting. Do not hit at all if it can be avoided; but never hit softly." - Theodore Roosevelt 
Lightweight just got his ass kicked by Trump! 
For information on Trump University victory, call Alan Garten, Esquire, at 212.836.3203 or Jeff Goldman, Esquire, at 212.867.4466. 
Wow--tremendous victory in the Trump University case against lightweight got the news! 
" 
@realDonaldTrump True. I read it - great book, Mr. Trump." Thanks. 
Article from The Street--The Donald's Trump Card: Himself 
Looking forward to being hosted by Erie County Lincoln Leadership Reception tonight. Record crowd! Can't wait. 
Via by mboyle1: "EXCLUSIVE - DONALD TRUMP CONFIRMED TO SPEAK AT #CPAC2014" 
"For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve." -- Aristotle 
.@IamStevenT stopped by my office to say hello- a great guy! 
Are Republicans suicidal? Now they want to push amnesty through Congress. Allowing Democrats into the country. 
The NY SAFE Act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd Amendment rights. Will also increase crime. 
Excited to announce Trump Rio de Janeiro, our first South American hotel set to open in 2016 
With one of the worst and most prolonged cold spells in history, with Atlanta, Texas and parts of Florida freezing- Global Warming anyone? 
Remember when "comedian" Bill Maher openly praised the disgusting terrorists who destroyed the World Trade Center-then got canned by ABC? 
Failing comedian Bill Maher, who I got an accidental glimpse of the other night, is really a dumb guy, just look at his past! 
Press conference at the opening of the Villa at . 
With and at the opening of the Villa at 
Once ObamaCare is fully enacted in NY, conveniently after 2014, expect higher premiums, bigger deductibles, &amp; worse care. Job killer! 
"If you can't say great things about yourself, who do you think will?" - Think Like a Champion 
Wow, honored to just pass 2.5M followers on Thanks to all my followers. We are going to have a great year together. 
Just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book, The Art of the Deal. Great parent! 
Now the UN is attacking franchise With all the world's problems, is this really a top priority? 
The returns to on March 6th Watch top golfers of the world battle the Blue Monster! 
Mike &amp; Mike in one minute! 
I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show on radio and ESPN-at about 6 to 7 A.M. We will be talking Super Bowl and sports-no Obama Care! 
Give me clean, beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! I am tired of hearing this nonsense. 
The weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming HOAXSTERS were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow! 
Snowing in Texas and Louisiana, record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond. Global warming is an expensive hoax! 
"Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art.Making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best art." A. Warhol 
Creativity and control can go hand in hand. Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. 
"It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer." -- Albert Einstein 
How much is New York State spending on that obnoxious T.V. commercial that is being played endlessly for a tax incentive that doesn't work? 
Steve Jobs is spinning in his grave - Apple has lost both vision and momentum - must move fast to get magic back! 
I predicted Apple's stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock 
Apple's iPhone sales fell way short-they must go to a larger screen, as alternative, fast (as I said long ago)! Samsung's size much better. 
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
-- Thomas A. Edison 
For entrepreneurs, ignorance is not bliss. It's fatal. It's costly. And it's for losers. You either get organized, or get crushed. 
Passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement. 
Give your goals substance. Imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary. Make them count on as many levels as you can. 
Afghanistan's so called leader, Karzai, is toying with the U.S. 
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 - Enjoy! 
Do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership. The answer is no and we better move fast! 
Any and all weather events are used by the GLOBAL WARMING HOAXSTERS to justify higher taxes to save our planet! They don't believe it $$$$! 
NBC News just called it the great freeze - coldest weather in years. Is our country still spending money on the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX? 
Have the right mindset for the job. See your work as an art form--which means paying attention to every detail. 
via WSJ. Wake up before you destroy Scotland. 
For all of those who have been asking, a big cast announcement coming soon for 
Great day yesterday at unveiling the new Gary Player Villa Gary is a champion and a great guy. 
"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." Albert Einstein 
"You never know when the tide is going to turn in your favor. It's important to never give up on yourself." -- Think Like a Champion 
Great piece by on my visit to for &amp; Politics &amp; Eggs 
Will be leaving Palm Beach for the 11 A.M. ceremony opening the magnificent GARY PLAYER VILLA at Trump Nationak Doral, Miami. GARY IS GREAT! 
Set high standards and meet them. The proof is in the doing: learn by doing and taking risks. 
Happy Anniversary to my wonderful wife -- a truly great decision by me! 
Learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy. Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. 
Hope &amp; Change! China now controls a record number of our debt 
People often ask me the secret to my success, and the answer is simple: passion, focus and hard work. Momentum keeps it all going. 
"Whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." Henry Ford 
WWII vs. Now! During the 3 1/2 years of World War II that started with the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor (cont) 
Movie producer Harvey Weinstein, who lost his company to Colony Capital, is against guns but makes movies w/ major gun violence--really! 
Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 
To be really successful it is always good to have A COOL HEAD, WARM HEART AND BEAUTIFUL COMMON TOUCH! 
Rising over Bay Street, brings opulent luxury along with our famous world-class amenities to the Queen City 
and who I like, are intent on another New York State suicide mission. They've got to get their act together! 
To get momentum, you must first focus on a specific goal with passion and intensity. 
Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason. Without instincts, you'll have a hard time getting to--and staying at--the top. 
Looking forward to being hosted by for Politics &amp; Eggs next Tuesday. See you in Manchester! #NHPolitics 
Terrible story on front page of NYTimes about lightweight Does Eric wear eyeliner? 
Hope you enjoy the story in the highly respected Real Estate Weekly 
To be a winner, think like a winner. Practice positive thinking--with reality checks. 
Department of Homeland Security has spent $3.5 billion dollars building their new headquarters and is years late and billions over budget! 
I hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the United States will start sending them money! 
Thanks Ted, see you at the show! 
I would like to thank a great writer and person, of REAL ESTATE WEEKLY, for the wonderful story on me. Very much appreciated! 
Where is the progress in the state of New York over the last three years? There is none--only backwards. 
The Senate should immediately vote on the Iranian sanctions bill. What is the delay? Iran is already breaking its agreement with Obama 
The Ed Cox letter to Republicans, which is being so badly ridiculed by the press, should never have been written. WEAKNESS-SAD! 
Watching Gates on - looks like he got hit by a truck! Why didn't Obama get him, and others,to sign a confidentiality agreement? 
New York Republicans must change from a culture of losing to a culture of winning - and fast. This is your last decent shot! 
Think positively. Zap negativity immediately. Focus on the solution, not the problem. Be persistent and alert--every single day. Momentum! 
For great success, you need passion, but make sure it's well directed. Learn everything you can about what you're doing. Be an expert. 
#1 for success: Find out what you love to do. Trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing... 
Resilience is part of the survival of the fittest formula--make sure you remain adaptable. 
long time admirer. Want to buy one of your books for a friend. Any suggestions?" The Art of the Deal is a good start. 
Yankees should have dropped A-Rod long ago, not even bothered with arbitration. They would have saved a fortune! 
Best speech in #GoldenGlobes history- 
Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear. 
Understand that difficulties, mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life. Don't allow them to knock you off your feet. 
Anticipate change and embrace it. Recognize new developments that you can capitalize on and use to open new doors. 
No, we need a great businessman. 
I consider myself too perfect and have no faults. 
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in a few minutes - hope you enjoy! 
After watching all about the horror story that is A-Rod, I realized again that it is time to let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame! 
They are all afraid to use it because they know what will happen - thanks! 
The Republican Party of New York has been conditioned to lose, and there is no excuse for this. Leadership must move fast and decisively! 
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be discussing all sorts of current disasters! 
Whether you like Obama or not, Bob Gates turned out to be one disloyal dude! Personally, I hate rats. 
In politics, and sometimes in life, FRIENDS COME AND GO, BUT ENEMIES ACCUMULATE! 
Now that the ObamaCare website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence, is the person who hired them going to be fired? 
President Obama just fired the ObamaCare website builder. My question is, why were they hired in the first place? Sue them for damages! 
The brand new Blue Monster just opened at Trump National Doral - Miami. Also, great new driving range which is open 'till midnight. GO SEE! 
Focus on your goals, not your problems. Problems are a mind exercise--learn to play beyond your comfort zone. 
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business. 
"_xx_justme I still can't believe Donald Trump responded to my tweet. "Respect" #Trump2016 He would be the best Pres for this Country." Thx 
#TBT With Darrell Hammond when I hosted SNL. 
The Trump Organization continues to expand internationally at a record pace. Many new announcements to come soon. 
One of the world's tallest buildings, is not only a 5 star hotel but has 5 star dining options 
The news about our beautiful Miss Venezuela, Monica Spear, is devastating to all who knew her. A spectacular woman, she will be missed. 
One of the all-time greats - a true spiritual leader and wonderful person. Keep up the good fight! 
We had a GREAT year with ties, shirts and suits, thanks! New selections just arrived - they are amazing! 
Tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the Apprentice, one of the biggest hits in television history. How time flies! 
While I am a critic of President Obama, I hate it when someone (Robert Gates) writes a self serving negative book about his boss. 
Please, go back to your original menu and preparation. Believe me, it was much better. Let me know when the change is made! 
Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve, study the best people in your field,and then plan the best route for success. 
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth. 
Achievers move forward at all times. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. 
"Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass." - Think Big 
Congratulations to on his five year anniversary as the anchor Brett is great! 
We are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. GLOBAL WARMING anyone? 
Have your own vision &amp; stick with it. Don't be afraid to be unique.Every day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. 
Entrepreneurs: Set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. Great leaders determine the teams they assemble. 
Just hit a million on Facebook- 
Most of the world's great riders are at Mar-a-Lago today for the Trump Invitational, one of the most important equestrian events of the year 
Record snowfall &amp; freezing temps throughout the country. Where is Global Warming when you need it?! 
is the top public course in the country with magnificent Pacific Ocean views 
has great campaigns. Support one today 
Via by Peter Millard: "Trump Helps Rio Builders After Olympics: Corporate Brazil" 
Try to develop a tempo when you're working--momentum is something you have to work at to maintain, &amp; is an important element of success. 
A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. Learning is a new beginning. 
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.
--Henry David Thoreau 
Snowden should come back to America and face justice. Instead, he is begging for clemency from Moscow. Treat him as a spy. 
It's Jan. 2. President Obama should end his vacation early &amp; get back to Washington to straighten out the ObamaCare catastrophe--or end it. 
"Thinking big is the driving force that has forged all the great achievements in modern life." - Think Big 
Entrepreneurs are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present. Keep that in mind when looking for opportunities. 
The only Forbes 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond restaurant offers elite luxury 
This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing, record low temps,and our GW scientists are stuck in ice 
Today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it! 
Have a happy, successful and healthy New Year! 
When it comes to money, finance and even life, PROTECT THE DOWNSIDE AND THE UPSIDE WILL TAKE CARE OF ITSELF! 
Make sure to have fun and celebrate NYE with friends and family. Happy New Year everyone! 
Spend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever! 
The con artists changed the name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE when GLOBAL WARMING was no longer working and credibility was lost! 
What the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING. The planet is freezing, the ice is building and the G.W. scientists are stuck-a total con job 
Congratulations to and on yesterday's very exciting game. 
Cover your bases--know everything you can about what you're doing. Keep your focus by being well informed on a daily basis. 
Ask yourself, "Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit. 
Be tough, be focused. There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared for them. 
Temperature at record lows in many parts of the country. 50 degrees below zero with wind chill in large area. Global warming folks iced in! 
In the upcoming New Year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total VICTORY in all we do! 
We're coming up on the NEW YEAR-It is really important that, despite so many stupid decisions being made in Washington, we make it BEST EVER 
The global warming scientists don't want to be airlifted off the ship-they are having too much fun and that is too simple a solution-FAME! 
We should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing GLOBAL WARMING-a total hoax! 
The rescue icebreaker, trying to free the ship of the GLOBAL WARMING scientists, has turned back-the ice is massive (a record). IRONIC! 
Will be working with contractors at Trump National Doral in Miami today. 
As a major fan of Nelson Mandela and the people of South Africa, all of my statements are made with love. Protect his legacy now 
Via "Mar-a-Lago to host top equestrian jumpers: Trump Invitational will benefit 90 area charities." 
"Be on time. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression." - Think Like a Champion 
It is really too bad that the scientists studying GLOBAL WARMING in Antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold 
#TBT With Barbara Walters on my helicopter going somewhere. 
Celebrating New Year's Eve in the Windy City? Join for the chic &amp; elegant Cirque Soiree Celebration 
"Do your homework. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning will only leave a bad impression."- Think Like a Billionaire 
O.K., Christmas is over, now we can all go back to the wars of life. Focus, focus, focus-never accept defeat -push hard for total victory! 
I hope everybody is having a FANTASTIC Christmas! No matter how tough things may seem remember that you will ride it out &amp; go on to victory! 
The new Pope is a humble man, very much like me, which probably explains why I like him so much! 
Merry Christmas, have an amazing day! 
Without passion you don't have energy, and without energy, you don't have anything! 
I could fix existing Tappan Zee Bridge for peanuts. Unfortunately, Gov Cuomo will end up spending more than $10B on this project. $25 tolls? 
I'd like to wish all of my friends--and even my many enemies--a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. 
Entrepreneurs: Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Be totally focused--nothing should be haphazard. 
Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible. 
Entrepreneurs: Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious. See yourself as victorious--which means never giving up. 
ALWAYS TRY TO LEARN FROM OTHER PEOPLES MISTAKES, NOT YOUR OWN - IT IS MUCH CHEAPER THAT WAY! 
SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE! 
Did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster. Never look back, just learn from your experience! 
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge--everything starts with you. 
Entrepreneurs: Be ready for problems--you'll have them every day. Keep open to new ideas--that's where innovation begins. 
Find work that you love--you have to be passionate about it to succeed. Then focus and never give up! 
" 
@realDonaldTrump love your words of wisdom. Merry Christmas &amp; happy new year" Thanks. 
#3. Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results. 
#2. Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere. 
#1. Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them. 
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00 - hope you enjoy! 
#HasJustineLandedYet- Justine, what the hell are you doing, are you crazy? Not nice or fair! I will support Justine is FIRED! 
GREAT interview with Tim McCarver! Have a fantastic Christmas and New Year. 
The Herschel Walker interview on The Tim McCarver Show was fantastic-much can be learned from watching. Congrats to Herschel and Tim! 
With the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on, especially in New York and New Jersey, you would be lucky to have a gun for protection 
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami today to check out the brand new and just opened BLUE MONSTER and the spectacular driving range. 
It was 25 years ago today that Pan Am flight 103 was downed by a terrorist killing 270 innocent people. released the terrorist! 
Remember, THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET! 
Fernando, thank you for the GREAT review of The Blue Monster in South Florida Golf-especially top 10 in the WORLD. I love 
I had a lot of fun answering your questions in the latest round of #AskTheDonald. See if your question made it- 
If you don't believe in yourself, no one else will. 
Personally, I think Douglas Durst's brother got screwed by Douglas--no wonder he's angry. 
.@AGSchneiderman Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the Freedom Tower to get out of a lease with Conde Nast? 
.@Richard_Meier, a highly overrated architect, has had many problems with buildings he has designed. 
Lightweight is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediately--because he is being looked at! 
Guess what, folks--the ObamaCare website just went down again. What a disaster. 
What's with this rap stuff with me and Ebenezer Scrooge? 
Trump National Hudson Valley's 7,693 yd, par 72 course features one of the country's great golf courses. 
Packed with holiday celebrations, members &amp; staff are enjoying the first Christmas season at 
Rated Toronto's #1 hotel, has 261 guest rooms &amp; suites furnished in elegant, cosmopolitan style. 
White House relaxes penalty for canceled health policies, a major blow to the sustainability (and concept) of ObamaCare! They are desperate 
If you fail once, twice, three times, it doesn't matter. Learn from your mistakes and push forward to VICTORY-the sweetest feeling there is! 
No cuts to welfare, no cuts to food stamps &amp; NOT A SINGLE CUT TO OBAMACARE, yet the new budget cuts military benefits. Sad! 
#TBT Taking piano lessons from my friend Elton John. 
I am so honored by all the great NY State Repubs who came to my office, called &amp; wrote for me to run for Governor. If I do, I will win. 
Enough about my ties etc. but they are doing really big numbers - people love them (and loves Trump)! 
I like Rob Astorino. He's a friend and really good guy. Sadly, he has ZERO chance of beating Cuomo and the 2 to 1 Dems for governor! 
Go to Macy's today and buy Trump ties, shirts, suits and cufflinks as a Christmas or holiday present.Great style, great price! ONLY THE BEST 
The coolest story is that John Beale, the man who headed up CLIMATE CHANGE for the government, is a proven con man and total phoney.ARRESTED 
The more time you spend feeling sorry for yourself, the more time you waste after a setback. Move on and quickly embrace the next challenge! 
I just left the Trump Tower atrium--it is packed with great people. #1 tourist attraction in NYC-- Fun! #TrumpTower 
Alternatives are important but first Repubs must repeal ObamaCare. It's an unsustainable monstrosity that's destroying our healthcare. 
The Trump Signature Collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs. Great style &amp; design exclusively available 
I have never met a successful person that was a quitter. Successful people never, ever, give up! 
Regis, you are the GREATEST! 
FRACK NOW &amp; FRACK FAST!!! American prosperity depends on it. Our economic renaissance is here. 
Benghazi is now a full blown training center for jihadists Congratulations to the Obama administration. 
"Best of 2013": Donald Trump at 
2013 is the worst year ever for Hollywood. Garbage released after garbage. What is going on in these studios?! 
beautiful MacLeod House &amp; Lodge offers luxurious accommodations &amp; dining w/ sea views 
When defended Obama on Benghazi in the presidential debate, she was defending a complete lie 
Prime Minister is very foolish in giving so much money to build wind turbines which r destroying Scotland. 
Under President Obama, do you think America will become a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY? 
Who thinks that President Obama is totally incompetent? 
Good luck on your real estate test - you will be the biggest star of all! 
Wow, a really great review of my golf club in Scotland, in todaysgolferco.uk. Thank you! 
Wow, just in-John Beale, the top person in government on climate change (EPA), is a total fraud, and just admitted it! What can they say now 
We should be focusing on beautiful, clean air &amp; not on wasteful &amp; very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit! China &amp; others are hurting our air 
They call it "climate change" now because the words "global warming" didn't work anymore. Same people fighting hard to keep it all going! 
59% of the United States, by area, is now covered in snow-highest % in many years. The "global warming" name isn't working anymore-SORRY! 
Wow, it's snowing in Isreal and on the pyramids in Egypt. Are we still wasting billions on the global warming con? MAKE U.S. COMPETITIVE! 
President Obama and other world leaders don't know how close they were to being seriously injured (or worse) standing next to psycho in SA. 
The United States is experiencing the coldest weather in decades with vast amounts of snow blanketing many states.Pendulum has swung to cool 
The Donald J. Trump signature line of shirts, ties, really beautiful suits and cufflinks is the best Christmas &amp; holiday gift by far 
Have a GREAT weekend everybody - enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind. Never lose sight of the victory ahead! 
I love to see garbage properly disposed of which is why I like watching the dismal circulation numbers of Vanity Fair-IT'S DEAD 
I really like Nelson Mandela but South Africa is a crime ridden mess that is just waiting to explode-not a good situation for the people! 
The evidence continues to mount against lightweight It is time for JCOPE and Moreland Commissions to act. 
The ill-conceived windfarm that is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it! 
If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die 
Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen got delayed by at least two years.@AlexSalmond forced the failing developers to delay! 
The talk in Albany is that JCOPE &amp; Moreland Commissions are taking my complaint against lightweight (cont) 
Sources inside office are saying that they are very concerned with the allegations against their lightweight boss. 
Economics behind ugly, bird killing wind turbines do not work--will destroy Scotland's beautiful coastline. (cont) 
Can you believe that the corrupt and pathetic South Africa police force has yet to arrest the sign language guy. Such danger-give 10 years! 
What a sad thing that the memory of Nelson Mandela will be stained by the phoney sign language moron who is in every picture at funeral! 
I hope you all are looking at the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection of ties, shirts &amp; cufflinks for Christmas &amp; holidays. 
A $1.5B website that can only handle 50K users at a time is sad but no surprise! 
Our prayers are with Rev. for a speedy recovery. His faith continues to inspire us all. 
Had dinner last night at Megu, 845 United Nations Plaza--fabulous food, beautiful restaurant. 
Via "@NaghmehAbedini to Testify at New Congressional Hearing on Persecution of Pastor Saeed Abedini" 
This is one of the COLDEST WINTERS ever, freezing all over the country for long periods of time! So much for GLOBAL WARMING. 
I will be on Piers Morgan Live tonight at 9 p.m. on CNN. Tune in! 
The atrium of dressed up for Christmas- 
Happy Birthday Sarina. 
Let Pete into the Hall of Fame- 
Why does Conde Nast allow dopey Graydon Carter to run bad food restaurants while running failing magazine? 
President Obama's approval rating, at 38%, is at an all-time low. Gee, I wonder why? 
The brand new Blue Monster at Trump National Doral has recieved GREAT reviews from the golf critics. Check it out-opens Dec. 14 
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral opens for play on Saturday morning after a massive rebuilding - brand new course! 
It's amazing how badly the Knicks and Nets are playing. Everybody predicted they would be top teams with all of the money spent. Too bad! 
Via "Pastor Saeed's Wife Expresses Gratitude to Donald Trump for Raising Her Husband's Plight" 
After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.
-- Nelson Mandela 
A beautiful view from my office today- 
Great meeting with the wonderful wife of Christian Pastor Saeed, who is in Iranian prison. #savesaeed 
How can NYS allow lightweight to remain in office? What are JCOPE &amp; Moreland Commissions waiting on? 
Illegal use of official Attorney General stationary by lightweight 
Iran must immediately allow Christian #PastorSaeed out of prison or we should put back sanctions (which should never have been lifted) 
Naghmeh Abedini, the lovely wife of the Christian Pastor Saeed being held in an Iranian jail, just left my office. #savesaeed 
State Senator Shirley Huntley "ratted" on black politicians &amp; was believed--when she ratted on nobody listened. Racism! 
Major League Baseball: The best thing you can do is let all time hits leader---into the Hall of Fame. It's time! 
If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die 
The ill-conceived windfarm that is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it! 
Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen just got delayed by at least two years.@AlexSalmond forced the failing developers to delay! 
Graydon Carter, whose reign over failing has been a disaster, has acted in two movies--both bombed &amp; got bad reviews. 
Congrats to &amp; Bobby Cox on all being unanimously elected to Great leaders &amp; managers. 
As always &amp; due to popular demand,@TrumpRink will be open Christmas eve &amp; day as well as New Year's eve &amp; day 
Via "Scottish wind farm opposed by Donald Trump delayed"http://t.co/YWlqaSCQSQ 
Just left Florida, amazing how well State is doing-- jobs way up, taxes down. Congrats to 
I really enjoy doing every Monday at 7 AM. and are great people. 
The Unaffordable Care Act, sometimes referred to as ObamaCare, is not working. Millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud! 
Obama said he never met his uncle, Oscar, who was arrested for whatever. Turns out he lived with his uncle in Boston. SO MANY LIES! 
Wow, I just looked at the circulation numbers - Vanity Fair Magazine won't be around much longer, it's really in bad shape! 
Just got back to New York from California. Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. ObamaCare and other disasters to be discussed 
P.S. - There is also something really good to say about humility. Being confident and humble is a great combination, maybe the best of all! 
People are always asking me about the very special word, CONFIDENCE. The fact is there is (almost) nothing like it. Is derived from winning! 
Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser - having a healthy ego, or high opinion of yourself, is a real positive in life! 
Word is that the dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago, hosted by the incomparable Lois Pope, was fabulous. Big money raised for charity 
In making big money, knowledge is far more important than any other ingredient, including money itself! 
My father Fred Trump left me a relatively small amount of money (compared to where I am today-over $10 billion) but vast amount of knowledge 
Don't underestimate yourself--or your possibilities. There are always opportunities. 
Thanks. 
My shirts, ties &amp; cufflinks have never been better or more beautiful. Great holiday gifts, great price. 
It's Friday. How much money has been wasted on defunct ObamaCare website today? 
The now $1.2B ObamaCare website is as bad as ever-- insurers not getting the proper data. 
Looking forward to hosting next week The White House has abandoned her husband, Christian Pastor Abedini. 
Iran has never had a better friend than Obama. 
Trump Tower at Century City brings luxury to Makati, the financial &amp; social capital of Philippines 
.@BillBratton was a great choice for NYC Police Commissioner. He will make us proud, and safe! 
Thank you. 
We should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming! 
Great going to all of Dubai in winning what will be a fantastic #Expo2020 - we will all be there! 
Thanks. 
Ice storm rolls from Texas to Tennessee - I'm in Los Angeles and it's freezing. Global warming is a total, and very expensive, hoax! 
It always seems impossible until it is done. --Nelson Mandela 
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -- Nelson Mandela 
Nelson Mandela and myself had a wonderful relationship--he was a special man and will be missed. 
"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." -- Albert Einstein 
Leaving today for California to inspect my fantastic golf course &amp; club on the Palos Verdes peninsula. Big success. 
Why is it that when Warren Buffett uses the bankruptcy laws to his benefit, nobody cares, but with me they go nuts! 
The problem w/ the concept of "global warming" is that the U.S. is spending a fortune on "fixing it" while China &amp; others do nothing! 
Wow, record setting cold temperatures throughout large parts of the country. Must be global warming, I mean climate change! 
Our billion dollar website- 
A special message for Martin Bashir- 
"I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell." --Harry S. Truman 
"To become a champion, fight one more round." -- James J. Corbett, long ago Heavyweight Champion 
"Those who lack courage will always find a philosophy to justify it." -- Albert Camus 
Denver, Minnesota and others are bracing for some of the coldest weather on record. What are the global warming geniuses saying about this? 
There are no short cuts to any place worth going.-- Beverly Sills 
New reality. Yuan just passed the Euro as 2nd most traded finance currency Our leaders better get smart fast. 
Thanks. 
Yes, it will happen. 
Great! 
Happy Birthday 
four restaurants provide guests with a wide range of choices, each embodying excellence 
Thank you. 
Thanks. 
Thank you. 
Great! 
You have to have passion for your work. That's most important. Then keep your focus intact. Good luck. 
You can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people. Just remember, they all want to be YOU! 
With few exceptions, only really smart people are able to make a lot of money. Hard work is also important, but "brains" will supersede. 
I just filed a major ethics complaint against crooked New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman-he should resign from office! 
Too bad about New York Magazine, but there's a much bigger one out there, currently doing a story on me to get even, that I'll soon discuss! 
Remember I predicted that New York Magazine would fold and people scoffed? Just announced (N.Y.Post) it lost big $'s &amp; is cutting way back! 
Thanks Steve! 
Here we go again via ... another bad deal. 
Thanks. 
Thank you. 
Have fun, enjoy NYC. 
Congratulations to the White House. For every 1 ObamaCare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices. Very unfair! 
Many great business campaigns at Great way to support small upstarts. 
Trump Int. Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will transform the skyline w/ its 616 ft twisting &amp; beautiful tower 
A fine man, Dr. Paul F. Crouch, has just passed away. All Christians are grateful for his wonderful life and work. 
Thank you. 
The least number of hurricanes in the U.S. in decades. So they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it 
That was a great football game. 
AJ is a GREAT quarterback who is finally being recognized as such - a total winner. What a pass! 
Wow, the ObamaCare website, which President Obama said would be working TODAY, is a total mess with many functions not even thought about! 
Just left $259 million rebuilding of Doral in Miami. Amazing - Trump National Doral will be a masterpiece (if I do say so myself)! 
I hope you buy my shirts and ties at 
Today is the day that ObamaCare website was supposed to be up and working. WRONG-website is closed down, a total disaster! 90 million doomed 
Offshore Wind in Europe: Lessons for the U.S. via The lesson should be that it's a lousy idea!!!" 
First Minister Salmond should stop his fruitless drive for obsolete wind turbines in Scotland-he would become popular again! 
Trump International in Dubai will be one of the great projects anywhere in the world. Congratulations to for their genius! 
Congratulations to Dubai on winning the rights to host Expo 2020! A great place winning a major global event.@damacofficial 
My ties, shirts and cufflinks have never been more beautiful-THE BEST-available at Macy's! 
Work begins on the Old Post Office in Washington D.C. in 3 months. It will soon become one of the great hotels of the world. 
I am in Miami at Trump National Doral. Just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites. Blue Monster complete-opens Dec 14. 
RSPB IS A TOTAL JOKE-They went for bird chopping wind turbines in and fought me on bird friendly golf course! 
the same man that released Pan Am terrorist for humane reasons, will destroy Scotland with grotesque turbines! 
must fight to save the massive bird population which will be devastated by wind turbines in 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE, ENJOY YOUR DAY! 
I truly believe that our country has the worst and dumbest negotiators of virtually any country in the world. 
Can you believe that "President" Karzai of Afghanistan is holding out for more, more, more and refuses to sign deal. Tell him to go to hell! 
Despite the fact that I have had great success with the words YOU'RE FIRED, I do not like firing people. But ZERO on ObamaCare mess-no way! 
Why doesn't President Obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie, announce that ObamaCare was a mistake, and deal a really great plan! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers! 
Tell Iran to let our Christian Pastor go--and I mean right now. If they don't, there will be hell to pay. 
Make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. It is a special time. Love and appreciate your family. 
The $1B failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the ObamaCare. Over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year. 
"Iranian officials say that the WH is misleading public about the details of an interim nuclear agreement" 
War on the families. Price of electricity hit record high in October Terrible, especially during holiday season. 
Reigning Champion does great work with Donate to an Injured Warrior today 
Via "Donald Trump in New Video" Emin &amp; family are wonderful people. 
Come celebrate Thanksgiving in the Windy City at 5 Star, 5 Diamond "Sixteen" restaurant 
Thank you and Happy Thanksgiving. 
Thank you. 
Thanks. 
Great! 
Via "JAILED U.S. PASTOR'S WIFE PRAISES TRUMP: 'I hope more people like him will speak out'" 
No way, they are bird killing machines. 
Thanks. 
I will check it out, thanks. 
Mr. President, tell Iran to immediately free the CHRISTIAN PASTOR, as a sign of good faith, &amp; if they refuse break off talks--big sanctions 
President Obama said, over and over again, if you like your plan, you can keep your plan, PERIOD! This turned out to be a total lie-90 mill. 
Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results. 
Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example. 
Look great for Thanksgiving. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available offers top men's styles 
How does Obama rationalize giving Iran $8B in sanction relief when a Christian pastor is being tortured in an Iranian prison? 
Wind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds. Golden eagles among victims...http://t.co/IaSq4HhpAC 
@RSPBScotland 
We enjoy hosting tourists in They come from all over the world to see the Atrium, a NYC landmark. 
When do we sue the company-- for billions-- that robbed us in creating the hapless ObamaCare website? 
I can't believe no one has been fired over the ObamaCare website fiasco! 
In Vegas? Enjoy Thanksgiving in DJT lounge where the games will be playing all day 
Wind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds. Golden eagles among victims...http://t.co/IaSq4HhpAC 
Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good. 
I will be in Palm Beach, Jupiter, and Miami today checking on big construction projects. I love Florida and love on time and on budget const 
President Obama is finally getting hammered, even by his most loyal supporters and the press-I guess they can only take so much! 
New poll, WOW-53% say President Obama is not honest &amp; trustworthy. What took them so long. Go back and look at his house purchase in Chicago 
Don't worry, THE UNITED STATES WILL BE GREAT AGAIN! 
Just got home, watching the news, and every story is bad about the U.S. Someday we will return to being great again, but we need leadership! 
Why didn't Obama, as part of the negotiation, free the Christian Pastor Saeed Abedini? 
Who would you rather have negotiating with Iran--President Obama or Toronto Mayor Ford? My money is on Ford. 
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you. 
Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities--keep your focus intact, and focus on the positives. 
After settling for a ridicilous 13 billion dollars, J.P.Morgan's lawyer is critical of the amount of the fine-why did they settle then-DUMB! 
Best book ever on dealmaking (or so they say) - TRUMP: THE ART OF THE DEAL. Go get it, and others, Washington - you really can do better! 
I know it has been many years since our country made great deals, but isn't it about time we start, right now. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The reason great dealmakers do not OPENLY celebrate a deal, especially one that is not complete, is that it shows weakness to the other side 
John Kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with Iran. Great dealmakers do not celebrate deals,they just go on to the next one 
Tom Brady is a good friend of mine, a great player, a great guy and a total winner! Fantastic comeback win-this is what our country needs! 
Tom Brady has done a great job tonight-amazing New England comeback. Good game- not over yet! 
We had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with Iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap. WHY? 
How much longer are we expected to put up with the world's most incompetent leader - ObamaCare, Iran, Syria, bads deals. JUST NEVER ENDS 
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7. Will be discussing basic stupidity and incompetence, of which our "leaders" have plenty! 
I do not understand how so many of my Jewish friends backed Obama in the last election. He is a TOTAL DISASTER FOR ISRAEL-AND ALWAYS WILL BE 
How far has the United States gone down when we are reduced to accept the imbecilic deal just agreed to with Iran. Read THE ART OF THE DEAL! 
What a rotten deal we made with Iran. We get nothing (except laughter at our stupidity). They get everything, including delay and big cash! 
They changed the name global warming to climate change because the concept of global warming just wasn't working! 
The people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you ObamaCare! 
Snow and ice, freezing weather, in Texas, Arizona and Oklahoma - what the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING? 
Get smart on knockout assaults and crime - we have to be slightly more vicious (and violent) than the assaulter-and crime would end FAST! 
The scum that gets high on badly hurting old ladies and others through knockout assaults wouldn't feel that way with a gun at their head! 
We are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the Iran nuclear talks. Strengthen sanctions until GREAT deal is made! 
Happy Birthday! 
Such a nice article in the New York Times about a wonderful developer, Arthur Zeckendorf 
Thomas Jefferson wrote the Senate filibuster rule. Harry Reid &amp; Obama killed it yesterday. Rule was in effect for over 200 years. 
Since the Democrats decided to kill the filibuster, they now own it.Republicans should keep the new rule when they're in the majority. 
Hypocrite. Watch Senator Obama defend "democratic debate' of Senate filibuster rules in 2005 
For all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack, please remember the late, great Charles Bronson-no more crime! 
Weak newscasters are asking "is there a racial component to knockout attacks?" Of course there is and weakness will only make it worse! 
If you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged, and you carry a gun, shoot the bastard (teach them a lesson)! 
Knockout assaults are the new rage by sick and depraved youth. We better start getting tough in this country-and they want to take our guns! 
Emails prove WH knew ObamaCare website wouldn't work in October -- why didn't they delay the launch? 
I answered my fans questions via video- watch- 
70 stores above Punta Pacifica's pristine peninsula, offers fine dining, five pools &amp; luxury rooms 
Host of the 2017 U.S. Women's Open, Trump Bedminster has been rated one of America's best golf courses. 
We have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in Afghanistan. Their government has zero appreciation. Let's get out! 
"Figure out what really moves you. You've got to have the 'FIRE' in order to have the Midas Touch." -- Midas Touch 
Florida Power &amp; Light did a fantastic job of providing service &amp; energy during the big storm in Palm Beach. 
Today will be a great day at work - have only one word in mind, VICTORY! 
I'm watching Joe (who is 100% correct on Afghanistan) fondling the once great Time Magazine-so sad to see how skimpy it is! 
Do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in Afghanistan through 2024-with all costs by U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT! 
"Results are what matter. The bottom line is clearly the bottom line." --Think Like a Champion 
"If you want to kill any idea in the world, get a committee working on it." -- Charles Kettering 
Congrats to Congress on their 112 'gold tier' healthcare plans Why should they suffer like regular Americans? 
I create jobs! 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Sad! 
Thank you. 
So true! 
Offering true luxury, has spectacular restaurants, Olympic pools &amp; six professional tennis courts 
$1B down another $1B to go. ObamaCare website is 40% unfinished. This is beyond pathetic. 
Congratulations to on the success of his new book "Undisputed Truth" &amp; special--and thanks for the nice words, Mike. 
True! 
Great! 
Thank you. 
Emin from Russia--a very talented guy. All proceeds go to help the Philippines. #missuniverse 
http://t.co/Y6TJL7znRD 
Afghanistan leaders want the U.S. to keep 20, 000 troops there for many more years, fully paid for by the U.S., but first they want apology. 
"If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough." -- Mario Andretti" 
Work is fun, deals are fun, life is fun - but love of a great family makes it all come together. Go out there and make your family proud. 
ALWAYS BORROW MONEY FROM A PESSIMIST BECAUSE HE WILL NEVER EXPECT IT TO BE PAID BACK! 
The next ObamaCare disaster will be doctors being dropped from plans. 
"If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough." -- Mario Andretti 
Jamie Dimon just gave away $13B to government in settlement. Terrible move &amp; bad precedent. Could have done much better by fighting. 
Priorities. While Obama wastes billions on a broken website, he is going to cut military pay No surprise. 
Guess who is talking to at Not terrible hair! 
64 stories of golden glass over the strip, elite hotel rooms feature floor-to-ceiling windows 
One of top private clubs, features a Jim Fazio designed 7,291 yd par 72 course 
Chuck--very fair, best wishes! 
Just as I said last October, census workers cooked the job numbers for Obama right before the election 
Last October on attacked and I for saying Obama cooked the job number. Will he apologize? 
Congratulations to on her big move to She is a total winner! 
I got George Zimmerman right- watch- 
Go to work today, be smart, think positively and WIN! 
I took some heat a long time ago when I said that George Zimmerman was a sicko and bad news. I know people and this guy is no good-trouble! 
"The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do." -- Steve Jobs 
Our heartfelt prayers go out to our fellow Americans suffering from the storms &amp; tornadoes. 
W/ signature Trump amenities, 5 star rooms &amp; world-class restaurants, brings excellence to Hawaii 
President Obama played golf yesterday??? 
The polls have shown that DEAD PEOPLE voted for President Obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation - he must be doing something right! 
I will be going to Trump National Doral in Miami early today to check on the construction of the hotel and the new Blue Monster. AMAZING! 
How did the NCAA, which is weak and becoming irrelevant, extract such a big &amp; reputation shattering settlement from Penn State. Others zero! 
Maybe some of the dead voters who helped get President Obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for ObamaCare. 
The wimps that run Penn State should be forced to resign (and be sued) for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy 
I wonder if the Rutgers coach who had the audacity to yell at the player is a proponent of global warming? 
Football coaches are no longer allowed to scream and yell at their players because it is discriminatory,racist and can be viewed as bullying 
I wonder what the late, great Vince Lombardi would say about the Rutgers football player who says he is being bullied because coach yelled? 
The real J.P.Morgan is spinning in his grave at the ridiculous settlements the bank is making to settle disputes. A settler is a soft target 
13 BILLION, 4.5 BILLION-these are the stupid settlements that J.P.Morgan just made. Why don't they FIGHT? No wonder they keep getting sued. 
Very good! 
Thanks Gary. 
Thank you for your fair and balanced reporting. You provide a great and important service to the people of Scotland! 
Great job in helping our wonderful Miss Universe - there is nobody like you - CONGRATULATIONS! 
Again, more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America! 
Rumor has it Apple is going to release iPhones with bigger screens. That's good news. 
The only deal the Republicans should accept is a complete repeal of ObamaCare. You have them on the run - don't fold - go for it! 
Did President Obama have a rough day yesterday, or what? He has got to start telling the truth - NO MORE LIES OR DECEPTION! 
The cast has been largely selected for next year's Celebrity Apprentice. Wait 'till you hear the names-AMAZING! Season 14-many nights at #1 
Yes, online through Macy's. 
.@MissUniverse visited my office- tall and beautiful! 
I'll be on On the Record tonight to talk about the ObamaCare fiasco--7 pm on Fox News 
Obama friend got a no-bid $635M contract to build website And now she will get more to fix it. 
More dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America! 
True! 
Breaking news--negotiations with Iranians broke down because Obama insisted that they use ObamaCare. 
President Obama is the best thing that ever happened to Jimmy Carter! 
In a new poll a majority of people felt the president "knowingly lied" about health care pledge. Who are the fools who don't think he lied? 
You are doing really great - keep it up (of which I have no doubt). 
ICYMI-- "@MELANIATRUMP 
Reading newspapers and see... #BillyGraham95 #happybirthday 
The same people that built the ObamaCare website used, as the face of the website, someone who is not a US citizen. Incompetent. 
No matter how far down a path you go, if it's the wrong path, turn around and go back home - before it is too late. 
ObamaCare is on LIFE SUPPORT - it will soon be DEAD ON ARRIVAL - A bad concept that was imcompetently administered! 
President Obama is under pressure from Democrats to undo his lie on ObamaCare. His problem is that such a move would end ObamaCare. 
ObamaCare is one of the worst political disasters of all time - 4,992,343 AMERICANS LOSING COVERAGE, LESS THAN 50,OOO NEW SIGNUPS. 
has exposed the massive ObamaCare fraud perpetuated by Navigator Programs 
Via Donald Trump Planning Skyscraper in Moscow 
Crocus City Hall in Moscow is a fabulous place! 
Miss USA pageant had a 4 to 1 vote in favor, but it won't be in Miami Doral in 2014-- Mayor Boria voted against it. I want total support! 
Emin, your performance at Miss Universe was fantastic - you are a STAR! 
Thank you! 
Thank you. 
I had a great weekend with you and your family. You have done a FANTASTIC job. TRUMP TOWER-MOSCOW is next. EMIN was WOW! 
.@IamStevenT gave one of the greatest endings to a show ever Standing ovation! 
Happy Veterans Day to ALL, in particular to the haters and losers who have no idea how lucky they are!!! 
WE WILL ONLY BE THE LAND OF THE FREE AS LONG AS WE ARE HOME OF THE BRAVE! 
Don't worry, when our country starts hurting bad enough from all of the mistakes that are being made, we will start doing the right things. 
While I was in Moscow I see that President Obsma apologized for his lie, I mean statement, on ObamaCare! How nice of him to be so forthright 
The Republicans must be patient and smart - ObamaCare could sweep them into office in far greater numbers than anyone ever thought possible! 
If Justice Roberts had done the right thing and voted against ObamaCare, our country would be in a lot better shape right now! TOTAL TURMOIL 
Drew Brees is having a great game - a fantastic quarterback and really good guy! 
If we could force Russia, China and other competitors to use ObamaCare, we would be able to instantly destroy their great economic success! 
Remember that I predicted a long time ago that President Obama will attack Iran because of his inability to negotiate properly-not skilled! 
I just got back from Russia-learned lots &amp; lots. Moscow is a very interesting and amazing place! U.S. MUST BE VERY SMART AND VERY STRATEGIC. 
I was just given a great tour of Moscow - fantastic, hard working people. CITY IS REALLY ENERGIZED! The World will be watching tonight! 
I'm in Moscow for Miss Universe tonight - picking a winner is very hard, they are all winners. Total sellout of arena. Big night in Russia! 
Leadership: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible. 
Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort. Be totally focused. 
Success tip: Be ready for problems, and be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification. 
The ObamaCare disaster will increase the amount of uninsured What is the point of this Trillion $ monstrosity? 
Upstate New York needs jobs. Frack Now &amp; Frack Fast! Pay off NY State debt. 
We still have not learned the full truth on Benghazi. Four Americans were killed. Congress must act! 
At least 3.5M fellow Americans are going to lose their healthcare plans because of ObamaCare. Defund then repeal! 
Congratulations to the $1B ObamaCare website on enrolling FOUR in Delaware. Cost to us - $4M 
Looking forward to attending the GREAT Rev. birthday party tonight--there's nobody like him! 
My speech at Bartlet Gala Dinner where I received Entrepreneur Award 
"THEBillMcGee 
@realDonaldTrump-after a year of wear your shirts still look great! Glad I made the purchase!" Thank you. 
I will be going to Asheville, North Carolina, tonight for the 95th birthday party of the GREAT Billy Graham - such a wonderful man! 
If Democrats do not start opposing ObamaCare, and fast, Republicans will have a massive victory in 2014 - far greater than any predictions! 
A level will be reached where ObamaCare will be so out of control, expensive and unwieldy that the biggest supporters will abandon ship. 
Prediction: The disaster known as ObamaCare will only get worse and Republicans will gain far greater power than they have had in years! 
Put Kathleen Sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say, YOU'RE FIRED! Let her go home to her family and rest. BRING IN TOP FLIGHT PEOPLE! 
She is so sad and pathetic that I almost feel sorry for Sec.Sebelius. She has done great harm to many people and must be fired. Incompetent! 
Just sit back and watch, ObamaCare is such a disaster it will fall like a house of broken cards. The website is the best part of this mess! 
When Obama tried to tweak his previous statement on ObamaCare he made it an even greater lie-even the Senate Democrats are angry with him! 
Brian wrote a wonderful book called "George Washington's Secret Six" that is truly worth reading. 
http://t.co/rzdnYAAze4 
Use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. This is one step to becoming an entrepreneur. 
Job tip: If you were the employer, what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? Be that person. 
Success tip: See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Apply your skills and talent--and be tenacious. 
With terrific Steve Wynn at dinner last night. 
You're right--doesn't fit my image. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. 
"thilan_GolfSwag 
@realDonaldTrump Played Doral for the first time. absolutely great course! Fantastic job!" Thanks. 
No, #Darnell does. 
Our NOBEL PRIZE FOR PEACE president said "I'm really good at killing people" according to just out book Double Down. Can Oslo retract prize? 
The truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price - everyone in U.S. would benefit! 
Can you believe that the builder of the failed ObamaCare website was just given a new government contract - how stupid is that - CLUELESS!!! 
Not only does Obama spy on German leaders, he criticizes their trade surplus We should have a trade surplus! 
The event featured a performance by #CelebApprentice a great event for a great cause! Watch- 
Revisionist history. Now Obama claims he never told us that everyone could keep their healthcare plans. Crazy! 
Sen. &amp; w/@seanhannity demand 'Congress Live By Your Laws' 
&amp; are hosting Trump 2013 Pageant in Moscow. They will be terrific! 
#TrumpVine on ObamaCare website- 
The article, "Shakedown Schneiderman" about NY State lightweight is amazing. 
http://t.co/kpNNOBYmnX 
I would gain a whole new respect for President Obama if he would say, "look, we made a big mistake, sorry!" No more lies or deception. 
Lies and incompetence - the two words that are most closely associated with ObamaCare! 
Wow, just watching the news.ObamaCare and the website are TOTALLY OUT OF CONTROL. Costs are through the roof. This could be ruinous to U.S.! 
The ObamaCare website will cost over $1.5B when all is said and done. Crazy! 
Never give up! 
Great! 
Everyone is telling me that is going to run against lightweight would win! 
Thanks. 
True--he is killing Scotland! 
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends in five minutes - enjoy and good morning! 
Millions losing healthcare plans despite President Obama's promise that this WOULD NOT HAPPEN! What about a massive protest march on D.C. 
Via "Miss Universe 2013: Contestants Stun in Gorgeous Gowns at National Gift Auction Gala" 
Located in Tribeca, each hotel room features floor to window ceilings for a view of lower Manhattan 
Thanks. 
True. 
The bus driver who saved the woman from jumping off the bridge was really cool, great guy. I'm going to send him $10, 000-he deserves it! 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Congratulations to Boston on the World Series victory. Earned and deserved. 
Still looking to give away a RECORD $1M reward on for a crowd funding campaign 
Both of our New York hotels are on the Top Ten list of the most luxurious hotels in NYC...http://t.co/n7xX10UEEI Congrats to all! 
Isn't the WORLD tired of hearing President Obama say he knew nothing about anything-time to take responsibility for all of your mistakes! 
Looks like a very good World Series game! 
How come Snowden and ObamaCare have access to all records and information but don't have even the smallest tidbits on President Obama? 
ObamaCare is a disaster and Snowden is a spy who should be executed-but if it and he could reveal Obama's records,I might become a major fan 
China just called. They want to lend Obama another $1B for the ObamaCare web site. 
Four brave Americans died in Benghazi. Administration is still covering up the truth. We deserve to know the full truth. 
It is now a FACT that President Obama lied in order to get ObamaCare passed-that is fraud and the legislation should be recinded-INTERESTING 
A great victory in Scotland ... 
 
I hear really bombed in Springfield--people were leaving show way early--stupid guy! 
Congrats on revealing that Obama knew millions of Americans would lose their healthcare plans 
1.5M have already lost their health care plans thanks to ObamaCare Defund now and Repeal later! 
.@AlexSalmond suffered a huge defeat by the people of Blackdog. Communities all over Scotland are fighting this loser. 
When will realize that he's destroying Scotland--the most beautiful countryside in the world w/ his stupid wind turbines? 
Great victory for people of Blackdog, Scotland. They defeated substation, stopping inefficient &amp; ugly wind turbines.@AlexSalmond 
On 1,300 acres in Charlottesville, wine has been awarded the coveted Virginia Double Gold Medal 
Maybe if Obama knew too much about the spying it would be worse than knowing nothing - but either way it is just another disaster! 
I just don't know why some of these NFL teams with lousy quarterbacks don't give Tim Tebow a chance - what do they have to lose? 
There are so many blatant lies coming out of the ADMINISTRATION - healthcare, spying, NSA, IRS, brutally killed Americans -WILL IT EVER END? 
Does anybody really think that President Obama didn't know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world - not possible! 
Iraq is being ravaged by Al Qaeda. Country in utter chaos &amp; all oil is going to Iran &amp; China Terrible mistake! 
Contractors can blame Obama admin all day for their $600M failure but both parties are at fault--pay taxpayers back. 
Time for Sebelius to be fired. She has admitted that the Administration did not vet the ObamaCare website 
The signature restaurant of is both Forbes Five-Star &amp; AAA Five-Diamond restaurant 
Yesterday was Matt Drudge's birthday --Happy Birthday great job! 
Because he paid me far more than it was worth! 
Sadly true! 
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be discussing the disgusting and wasteful $635 million website rollout and more! 
The new line of Trump ties, shirts and cufflinks are out at Macy's and are really beautiful at a really reasonable.price. Go check them out! 
President Obama should bring Secretaty Sebelius into his office, look right into her beautiful blue eyes and say,with emotion, YOU'RE FIRED! 
Great game against Tennessee by the most unappreciated (by the media) quarterback in college football - and no more tattoos! 
Good night everyone - sleep well and tomorrow have many victories! 
I must say that some of these college football games are great tonight-very exciting-I wish I had more time to watch! 
Thank you-always a good thought. 
"I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is." ~Donald Trump" 
Isn't it amazing that the U.S. and NSA can listen to the highly protected phone conversations of world leaders but can't get O's records! 
At this point the legacy of the Obama Administration will be, sadly, that of THE GANG THAT COULDN'T SHOOT STRAIGHT - what a pathetic mess! 
With the $635 million dollar website fiasco, getting caught tapping phones of WORLD LEADERS and so much more, U.S. is looking really stupid! 
Can you imagine the anger and disgust when the heads of other countries found out that their cell phones were being tapped by NSA.Obama mess 
Great taste, enjoy! 
First Titantic sunk on its maiden voyage.Next the Hindenburg explodes on its first flight to America.Now we suffer the ObamaCare rollout! 
When a complex website is broken the best thing to do is blow it up and start all over again-then sue the culprits and use the proper team! 
Great meeting at dinner. Besides his great acting, Gary does tremendous work for vets through his foundation. 
Bob Tyrrell you--and also for the great work you do. 
Good advice from my father, Fred C. Trump:
"Know everything you can about what you're doing." 
You've got something unique to offer. Find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? 
"Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway." - John Wayne 
Thanks. 
Great! 
Yes and thanks. 
Apology accepted. 
If the Saudis are so concerned about Syria then they should go in themselves. Stop telling us to do their dirty work. 
On Fifth Avenue, the iconic is one of NYC's most heavily visited tourist attractions 
Why doesn't President Obama call upon the NSA to fix the badly broken website-then they could spy on all of the many cheaters &amp; arrest them! 
Honestly, whether you're for or against ObamaCare, the 635 million dollar website fiasco is bad for the U.S. It makes us look totally inept! 
Breaking news - The Washington Redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name Washington from their name! 
If you want to succeed, keep your edge. Staying on top of all new developments in your sector = major advantage that pays dividends. 
The most luxurious hotel in downtown Manhattan, is a top destination 
Have time to waste? Go to the ObamaCare website. 
Great, thanks! 
On November 9th comes to Moscow! Hosted by the wonderful duo of &amp; in Crocus City Hall! 
Doing an interview with Discussing the ObamaCare web disaster. Be sure to listen 
Winner of the 5 Star Diamond Award, brings luxury &amp; elite amenities to LA's top public golf course 
Thanks. 
Thanks, good luck. 
Hi Ryan. 
Great, thanks. 
They get fired. 
Thank you, good luck. 
Doing Fox and Friends in two minutes! 
I would bet that we have many great American technology companies that would build and fix the pathetic ObamaCare website for ZERO dollars! 
Why doesn't President Obama just get the people from Google to fix the failed website. In fact, why didn't he use them in the first place! 
Very nice, best wishes! 
Good question! 
I hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing, boring abd totally biased New York "Ragazine"-SAVE YOUR MONEY! 
THE ROLLOUT OF OBAMACARE IS A TOTAL DISASTER AND AN EMBARRASSMENT TO OUR COUNTRY. THE WORLD IS WATCHING AND LAUGHING.$635,000,000 WEBSITE! 
In every interview New York Magazine has done for years they ask the same question - "What do you think of Donald Trump?" Beggars! 
Can you imagine a top editor at New York Magazine calling for my death-if they were responsible, he would be fired! Totally biased. 
Wow, numbers are really looking bad at New York Magazine. While very boring, it is also very biased. Too bad, was once great! 
Just like its website, ObamaCare is a disaster.Maybe all those who are fighting it are wasting their time-it will fail on its own! 
Secy. Sebelius, who was responsible for the horrendous ObamaCare rollout, should resign or be fired.Refuses to go before Congress to explain 
Thomas, you will be a fantastic host of the Miss Universe Pageant live from Moscow on Nov 9. Great doing your show today! 
I hope everyone that read reprehensible statement will cancel their subscription to in protest. Let me know. 
No wonder is doing so poorly, with an idiot Sr. Editor like it will only get worse! 
A terrible statement like that shows how desperate you and your magazine are. You should be ashamed. 
Canadians kicked out the firm that the U.S. paid all that money to for the failed website. How stupid are our "leaders"? This is a scandal! 
Wow, China's growth accelerated 7.8% in third quarter. If the U.S. had half that number we would be the talk of the World - need leadership 
sales are so dismal that w/ its record 2013 losses it is going bi-weekly Should end pain &amp; just fold. 
Can you imagine a Canadian company developing our website? Terrible way to put Americans back to work. 
Honored to be attending Rev. 95th birthday. His life &amp; work has brought hope &amp; faith to millions worldwide. 
This will be one of the biggest and most beautiful Miss Universe events ever. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. 
So nice, thank you. 
Thanks! 
ObamaCare website fiasco was a SINGLE bid to a Canadian company - terrible! 
I build beautiful websites with very smart and imaginative people for almost NOTHING. OUR GOVERNMENT SPENT ALMOST $535, 000, 000 for NOTHING 
The contract to build the ObamaCare website was given to a CANADIAN company for $55, 744, 081. It then bloated to $292, 071,067 INCOMPETENCE 
By the way, New York State MUST LOWER TAXES (and fast) and must start going after all of the "energy" that lies just below our feet (now)! 
Thanks for all of the great support but I just don't see myself wanting to run for Governor of New York - I have something else in mind! 
I'm on the David Letterman tonight--looking forward to it. 11:35 PM on CBS. 
Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn. 
A winning attitude will put everything in perspective. Keep negative thoughts and people where they belong--out of the big picture. 
Apple must make the IPhone screen bigger. Losing major market share. 
Obama administration is killing American industrial renaissance by stopping drilling and fracking. Terrible for economy. 
Via "Golden Bear and American business tycoon finish their unlikely masterpiece" 
Entrepreneurship is engine of American success. I bring it to crowdfunding w/ $1M RECORD reward 
.@BMP_Music_Event Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck! 
Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck! 
Remember, if you don't pat yourself on the back, nobody else will. Take credit for your successes and don't let others forget!!!!!! 
I'm glad that Mark Cuban won the ridiculous case with the S.E.C. It never should have been brought in the first place! 
What a great day it was yesterday showing the public Trump Links at Ferry Point. I took over a disaster and made it GREAT! Good job to all! 
True and thanks. 
So nice, thank you. 
Thanks. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. 
Just left Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point. Ribbon cutting w/@MayorBloomberg &amp; was spectacular. Lots of people &amp; jobs! 
Trump Links will be a great championship golf course that will host many major tournaments and bring tremendous $'s &amp; prestige to N.Y.C.! 
Will be cutting ribbon at 10 A.M. with Mayor Bloomberg and Jack Nicklaus for the opening of TRUMP LINKS at FERRY POINT. 
Happy Birthday! 
Thanks to all for the wonderful congratulation sent to me on the birth of Ivanka's little boy - so nice! 
My beautiful daughter Ivanka just had a healthy baby boy. Jared and Ivanka are very proud! 
So nice, thank you. 
Thank you for your great confidence! OUR STATE, LIKE OUR COUNTRY, IS IN SERIOUS TROUBLE. Keep up the good fight. 
"GOPers eye Donald Trump for governor run" via by 
Perhaps--no decision yet. 
New look for Blue Monster:@TrumpDoral's signature golf course is more challenging &amp; fan friendlier 
Thanks--@Macys.com 
Thanks. 
Thank you. 
My honor. 
It will be the country's finest resort! 
Thanks. 
As an addition, Apple must go to a larger screen now--asap! They're losing their standing in the market! 
You have to have passion for your work. That's crucial. Then focus on it and don't give up. 
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them. 
Great. 
Thank you Christine. 
Happy birthday to my baby - and keep up the great work at school. We are all proud of you! 
Thank you! 
Somebody got rich building the ObamaCare website which doesn't even come close to working - where has the money gone? 
I know a great deal about websites etc. but I am unable to understand how our government spent $635 million on the ObamaCare site-&amp; disaster 
Great news! 
Thank you. 
Thank you and true! 
True! 
Thank you. 
Thanks. 
Many countries including allies already see China as world superpower We have greatest military, yet no respect 
How do you spend over $635M on websites and they don't work? 
Congrats to Jim Lipton and Inside the Actors Studio for winning the Emmy Award for the 250th Episode. I was honored to appear in it. 
Weekly jobless claims soared to 21.5%, a 6 month high ObamaCare, the greatest job killer in US history. 
Quickly. 
Piers is a good man, even if we disagree with him. 
Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the World Trade Center to get out of a lease with Conde Nast? 
a highly overrated architect, has had many problems with buildings he designed downtown--&amp; others! 
Jack Welch thinks Sam Palmisano, retired CEO of IBM, should be the next CEO of MICROSOFT. Interesting! 
Thank you. 
Tell John he is a total winner! 
4th now! David should have seen his interview with truly amazing." 
Your family and dad are great-your mother must have been amazing! 
I urge every politician in Washington to tune into CNN and listen to 's advice on how to do a deal." 
Watch CNN tonight as Piers and I discuss Obama, SHUTDOWN, leadership and many other topics of interest - 9 PM - 10 minutes! 
I will be on tonight at 9PM. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. 
Great! 
Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets. 
If the U.S. Government doesn't give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel, I will.The U.S. under Obama's leadership! 
It is outrageous and disgusting that families of U.S. MILITARY personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials. SAD! 
I notice, thanks Genall! 
With President Obama it's all talk and no action. Our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late! 
I'm just so tired of listening to the same old rhetoric and words, day after day, from our President. It's time to stop talking-WORK! 
Florida Power &amp; Light has disgusting rotting utility poles outside Doral in Miami. They should put in new ones or will be sued. 
In my opinion, one of the worst utility companies in the country is Florida Power and Light. 
The White House has just admitted Al Qaeda was involved in Benghazi What about the video tape? 
Did you ever think our country would become an economic basket case? So much for Hope &amp; Change. 
The new reality, China and Japan are warning us not to default Reckless government spending has made us weak. 
Had a great time on inaugural 7PM show. Congrats to Greta on the new spot! 
.@GOP has leverage. Must stay united &amp; on message. 
If you are steadfast in your efforts and self respect, critics will be harmless. Keep your focus! 
Expect the best from people. They will rise to the challenge and it's important to inspire confidence. 
Thanks. 
True. 
Thanks. 
Thank you. 
President Obama wants to change the name of the "White House" because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct! 
President should not be telling the Washington Redskins to change their name-our country has far bigger problems! FOCUS on them,not nonsense 
With the debt limit approaching, has even more leverage. If they stay united and on message they can win. 
83% of the government is still running during the shutdown while 41% of nondefense federal workers are furloughed. Room for cuts. 
Obama is tougher on WWII vets wanting to visit a DC memorial than Iran. He needs to show respect to our vets and not play games. 
Government is shut down yet Obama is now harassing the privately owned to change its name.He needs to focus on his job! 
Standing strong for his people, is ignoring the Feds and keeping all Wisconsin parks open. Great! 
The Obama Administration has a very important duty to provide a budget - and then negotiate! OUR COUNTRY is a laughingstock! 
While I never ran, I thank you. Let's see what happens in the future! 
While the Pres. of Iran tweets sweet nothings to Obama he forbids the Iranians to use twitter. Very revealing. 
When will lightweight hack Attorney General be investigated for his repeated prosecutorial misconduct?http://t.co/4rO77pskNA 
Must read editorial today about lightweight New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook? 
Congrats to on the success of the new smash show Fantastic suspense. Great acting. Must see TV! 
Obama has unilaterally &amp; unconstitutionally drawn 4 ObamaCare exemptions for his friends. All wants is (cont) 
My #Politicking interview w/@kingsthings on the govt. shutdown, ObamaCare, Putin, 2016 and 
Thanks! 
So true! 
Thanks. 
Obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the ObamaCare rollout. And of course they failed miserably. 
continued incompetence has led to more people losing their jobs She's a perpetual job loser. 
Obama and the Democrats have no respect for WWII vets trying to get into the memorial. 
Many Red-State Democrats sticking with Obama on deficit spending on the ObamaCare monstrosity will be defeated in 2014. 
Angela Merkel is doing a fantastic job as the Chancellor of Germany. Youth unemployment is at a record low &amp; she has a budget surplus. 
On the shores of the Lake Norman, features a world-class course designed by 
Thanks, what a mess. 
I agree. 
They must go to a larger screen. 
Spring of '15. 
Tell your son congrats--great round on really tough course. 
Thank you. 
Stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown. Markets like being left alone for a day. 
Young entrepreneurs across the US are trying to make deals &amp; build businesses daily. Stay positive, think big &amp; big things will happen 
"When it comes to Iran's nuclear weapons program, here's my advice: Distrust, dismantle and verify." - 
UN address was a strong statement to the world that will not allow Iran to get nuclear weapons. 
Congrats new Fox show debuts w/ very strong ratings Guess who her first guest was? Donald Trump. 
#3. Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing. 
#2. Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort. 
#1. Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it. 
New York State's lightweight A.G. is driving business &amp; jobs out of N.Y. Look into his past-he shouldn't even be allowed to hold office! 
Wow, three top MICROSOFT investors want Bill Gates out as Chairman. Do not like job he is doing! 
Can you imagine, with all of the talk about ObamaCare, technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day. Our government is badly broken! 
It is crucial for Republicans to remain united during this shutdown 
There have been 17 shutdowns since 1976, 14 under Reagan and Bush with Democrat Congresses who wanted more spending. 
Thanks. 
Nice guy needs your help to make his bad guy movie Directors Cut--&gt; 
Thanks. 
Must read editorial via "ObamaCare's Bitter Irony: It May Increase Number Of Uninsured" 
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. 
The Republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are NOT sticking together. Sen. McCain just said "we can't win".Very bad! 
Remember that in 2006 then Senator Obama voted NOT TO INCREASE THE DEBT CEILING. Now he acts in disbelief as others plan to do the same! 
Since stop &amp; frisk was struck down, gun shootings &amp; victims have spiked-- while gun seizures have decreased. 
Dee Dee-- Great seeing you You are really having a positive impact--don't ever stop. 
Thanks Larry--and you, too, are truly one of a kind! 
Happy Birthday! 
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver's original twisting design gives every unit a distinct view A landmark! 
Business is an art in itself, and powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success. 
The commodity market is extremely fragile. Be wary of investing right now. The futures are way too dependent on the Fed. 
No one wants the government to shut down, but if ObamaCare is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway! 
Thanks! 
Thank you! 
Thank you Danyella-if you would like to work there call Jackie in my office (NY). 
Cute boy, nice. 
Thanks Karlie! 
With proper thinking and leadership, we can have a much better plan than Obamacare - something that works for the people and costs much less 
Obamacare is far toooo expensive, far toooo complicated (thousands of pages) and, most importantly, doesn't work. WE CAN DO MUCH BETTER! 
Our country and it's leadership has to be so careful and so smart - these are treacherous times, like no other. The world is a crazy place! 
Iran is toying with our president - buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership. Syria, and now this! What's next? 
Re negotiation: Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. Think about what the other side wants and where they're coming from. 
Spanish version of ObamaCare website delayed Hitting google translate apparently too complicated. #MakeDCListen 
On Monday, ObamaCare kicks in with all goodies of 300% increased premiums, higher taxes and part-time replacement employees. 
Our country needs leadership now. There is total dysfunction in Washington. 
You have to believe in what you want. Keep your focus, keep your momentum--and remain patient and persistent. 
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold 
Thanks and true! 
I am so happy that I was able to do something really good for the Bronx - and lots of jobs! 
Yes, this is a large scale version of when I built and saved the ice skating rink in Central Park (which all should go to). Great course! 
Good point, yes! 
Credit the Bloomberg administration for having the foresight and courage to get this decades old project finished - will be BIG for NY. 
To be called Trump Links at Ferry Point, course will be GREAT and, over the years, hold many tournaments and major championships-$'s to NYC. 
Once the Bloomberg administration selected Trump to take over the very expensive and years late project, I kicked "ass" and got it done fast 
The big golf course project on the water by the Whitestone Bridge in NYC that has been under construction for many years now complete-GREAT! 
"Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction."- Ronald Reagan #MakeDCListen #DefundObamaCare 
7 million Americans are going to lose their jobs due to ObamaCare. 46 million face 300% premium increases. DEFUND! #MakeDCListen 
Both Obama administration and House leadership staffs are exempt from ObamaCare. Why not the American people? #MakeDCListen 
Winner of the 5 Star Diamond Award, two courses grace over 600 acres on the Potomac River 
Happy belated birthday wishes to Barbara is terrific! 
Happy Birthday! 
In real estate, all locations can be enhanced through good marketing. Be smart! 
ObamaCare will increase individual market premiums by 99% for men and 62% for women DEFUND!! #MakeDCListen 
The shale boom is saving our economy Good for jobs, national security &amp; trade balance. Frack Now &amp; Frack Fast! 
If ObamaCare is so amazing, then why is Obama delaying significant parts of the bill before the election? #MakeDCListen 
Obama wanted to meet with the Iranian president, yet the Iranians denied the request. So much for Hope &amp; Change. 
Remember what I previously said--Obama will someday attack Iran in order to show how tough he is. 
If Justice Roberts had made the correct decision on ObamaCare, our country would not be in turmoil right now! 
NeNe asks me for advice and I am happy to oblige. Tonight at 9.00 on Bravo (and watch her ratings go through the roof!). 
Obama promised premiums would lower $2,500/yr for family of 4. In truth, healthcare will increase by $7,450 
Congrats to Team USA &amp; Capt. for retaining the PGA Cup! Well done and well deserved! 
Veteran Military Dogs campaign seeks to rehabilitate veteran K9s and find them a home 
.@NeneLeakes seeks my advice on prenups, tonight at 9 PM on Bravo 
Thank you. 
is on a very triky and slippery path right now.The right moves will lead to greatness, the wrong moves to oblivion! GUIDANCE. 
I am a defender of who I think is a good person (and not because she stays at my hotels), but last night's outfit must go! 

"I like Hilary Clinton. She is very admirable. But is our nation's answer." Thanks. 
Huma should dump the sicko Weiner. He is a calamity that is bringing her down with him. 
Americans nationwide have their premiums double and work hours decreased. must do the right thing, stand strong &amp; defund! 
Mariano Rivera is greatest closer of all time. A leader in the club house &amp; an exceptional man. One of the best in history. 
Congratulations to on being named Power Player of the Week. Ivanka is doing a great job w/ DC Post Office. 
The Emmys are sooooo boring! Terrible show. I'm going to watch football! I already know the winners. Good night. 
Is it the Neil Patrick Harris show or the Emmy Awards?How was he ever put in this position to start with? CRAZY! 
Referees are destroying the enjoyment of NFL games. Slowing down the fun. Big shots. Jets game is ridiculous! 
Big things going on today at Trump National-Westchester! 
Thanks. 
Really good, thanks M. 
Happy birthday! 
Thank you, it is great. You have real talent! 
Republicans must unite to defund Obamacare - it will drive our country into oblivion and, by the way, the healthcare is no good anyway! 
An important part of my (or anybody's) success is the ability to judge people. I believe that is a really good person. 
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available offers the finest style in menswear 
Welcome to the new reality. 23,116,928 US households on food stamps Obama's Hope &amp; Change. 
Opening in 2016, Trump Tower Punta del Este will bring our signature luxury living to the sands of Playa Brava 
If you include people who have left the work force, unemployment rate is 15%. Labor participation rate is lowest in 70 yrs. 
Thanks Cathy. 
Hi Lexxay. 
Congratulations to on standing strong and tying government shutdown to defunding ObamaCare. 
Via "Trump Winery President Nominated for Award by Wine Enthusiast Magazine" Congrats 
Yes, she is FANTASTIC! 
Move slowly, carefully --- and then strike like the fastest animal on the planet! 
President Obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. Be cool, move slowly - and think! IRAN 
President Obama seems so fawning and desperate to make a deal with Iran that lots of bad results can occur. Be cool and be careful! 
My comments on a larger screen iPhone were in addition to existing unit, not a replacement. Screen should be 10% larger than Samsung. 
Amazing engineering accomplishment that does not make economic sense. 
Lightweight Schneiderman's suit was filed on a Saturday (unheard of) against a school with a 98% approval rating right after Obama meeting. 
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman meets with President Obama (who he told me "sucks" as a president), and quickly files a suit against me! 
Better get a large screen iPhone, and fast, or risk losing even more business. Samsung cannot believe you have not acted! DUMB! 
I cannot believe that Apple didn't come out with a larger screen IPhone. Samsung is stealing their business. STEVE JOBS IS SPINNING IN GRAVE 
Your not free, you'll never be free. You'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself! 
Yes. 
Send his info to my office. 
Great game last week, your team really needed you! 
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman is perhaps the most incompetent and least respected A.G. in the U.S. He is a total joke! 
Why is lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman allowed to ask for campaign contributions from my people during settlement negotiations? 
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman sued school with a 98% approval rating while billions in corruption goes unpunished. A total crook? 
#Defund Obamacare! 
Just returned from Trump Doral in Miami. Massive construction job. When completed will be the best resort in U.S. Blue Monster is amazing! 
"Build your reputation on intelligence, responsibility, and results. That's building the right way." - Think Like a Champion 
Everyone should calm down. is going to do a great job as Batman. 
Video of my day at The Old Post Office- soon to be the most fabulous hotel! 
There are great campaigns on Be sure to take a look and donate to one today. 
Too early! 
.@RNC leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown. They should be afraid of not defunding ObamaCare. 
Thanks Sean, keep up the good work! 
"The mind that opens to a new idea never comes back to its original size." -- Einstein 
The Costa Concordia shipwreck is a MONUMENT TO STUPIDITY but the uprighting of the ship is a MONUMENT TO GENIUS! 
American Exceptionalism and the Navy Yard shooting do not go hand in hand. Foreign countries, in particular Russia, are mocking the U.S. 
The Navy Yard shooting is a horrible disaster. If we don't clean up OUR COUNTRY of the garbage soon, we are just going to do a death spiral! 
has great ratings-I told you so. He should pay me at least 25% of his earnings because he would be nowhere without Donald Trump 
I am proud to announce our newest project, Trump Tower Mumbai. Together with the Lodha Group, it will be incredible! 
Only 15 days until ObamaCare is implemented. Congress must waive the monstrosity for regular Americans. Why should they be punished? 
Michigan has made great progress under Snyder-Calley. is out early energizing the grassroots. Keep it up! #JoinMITeam 
Bashar Assad is stronger today than he was before Obama threatened military action. Obama really bungled this. 
I predict that President Obama will at some point attack Iran in order to save face! 
Congrats to on being awarded the prestigious 'Eagle Award for Amnesty Reporting' 
Congratulations to on her successful first day as co-host of Great to be in studio today for Elisabeth. 
You wedding at Trump National was one of the most beautiful I have ever seen - more importantly, an amazing couple! 
The judge who called the fight a draw should be thrown out of boxing-it wasn't even close. She is incompetent (or worse) 
When I say I would end Obamacare, I would also come up with a plan that would be far better, much easier to understand, and cost less! 
GREAT FIGHT FLOYD - YOU SHOWED THEM ALL ONCE AGAIN! 
My prediction of Floyd is looking good! 
New York Fashion Week is really bad, and used to be so glamorous and exciting! No stars, no fun-just boring. They need serious help. #NYFW 
Just remember, Arsenio wouldn't be back at all if it were not for Donald J. Trump - he admits that - he will do great! 
I truly hope President Obama doesn't do something irrational and dangerous for our country in order to save face. He must sit back and chill 
Obama is now warning North Korea on the Yongbyon nuclear reactor After Syria, our enemies are laughing! 
Prayers go out to the victims of the terrible fire in New Jersey. Stay strong and remember it will soon get better. 
Mark - thanks for remembering. 
Great going, congrats! 
Thanks Jan! 
We should stop talking, stay out of Syria and other countries that hate us, rebuild our own country and make it strong and great again-USA! 
Most people do not know what Presient Obama is going to do to save his legacy. I do! He's got to get back to basics.Forget Syria-FIX THE USA 
Wow, with all this talk, is going to Russia on November 9th- 
My interview w/ Peter Cook re the Old Post Office Bldg becoming Trump Int'l Hotel, Washington D.C. 
.@Yankees manager Joe Girardi is a gritty leader who stands up for his players. Doing a great job! 
Now Assad is demanding that Obama stop supporting the rebels before he turns over his chemical weapons. What a mess! 
China, Russia and Iran are laughing at us. We have weak leaders who are threatening our national security. Dangerous times. 
Named best golf course in the world by Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland is a 7,400 yd par 72 
At least is consistent. She takes over a magazine and it ends up in the gutter. 
is claiming that she decided to leave the Sure, just like every other magazine that fired her. 
Tina Brown could finally be over. is a total failure. She just got fired, great! 
I will be doing #GDNY Good Day N.Y. with Rosanna &amp;Greg live at 8.30 A.M. I will be giving money to a great guy who lost his son in the WTC. 
Putin's letter is a masterpiece for Russia and a disaster for the U.S. He is lecturing to our President.Never has our Country looked to weak 
Never Give Up--How I turned my biggest challenges into success. 
Why is oil at a record high? OPEC &amp; the oil speculators continue to rip us off. 
Many people have asked recently "when do you sleep?" The answer is -- not much. 
Thanks. 
A year ago today a diplomat and 3 security operatives were abandoned by our government while they were under attack. Never forget! 
Donald Trump Jr., Ivanka Trump, Eric Trump, and myself in front of The Old Post Office, D.C. on Pennsylvania... 
An ad hoc interview I filmed with a German journalist at Ground Zero hours after the attack 
God bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today. You will never be forgotten! 
Thanks! 
Great! 

"@realDonaldTrump stayed in your Chicago hotel last night. Great staff and awesome room!" Thanks! 

"@realDonaldTrump Thank you for saving new york from another Spitzer era." We got lucky! 
Obama must now start focusing on OUR COUNTRY, jobs, healthcare and all of our many problems. Forget Syria and make America great again! 
Putin is having such a good time. Our President is making him look like the genius of all geniuses. Do not fear,we are a NATION OF POTENTIAL 
I said that Eliot Spitzer was going to lose when he was way up in the polls. I fought him when others retreated out of fear. NEVER GIVE UP! 
Spitzer and Weiner lost, lightweight Eric Schneiderman will be next - he will be challenged in the PRIMARY. He has done a really poor job! 
Weiner is gone, Spitzer is gone - next will be lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook? Wait and see, worse than Spitzer or Weiner 
Assad hit the jackpot! 
Back to work for the President to try and keep some dignity for the office and himself. The so-called rebels must be thoroughly confused! 
The only reason Obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the schedule-Putin is laughing and the reviews have been really bad! 
Lightweight Attorney General Eric Schneiderman will be next to lose. He goes after a school with a 98% approval rating,leaves biggies alone 
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman asked us for political contributions DURING his investigation of us,then sued for $40 million.Dopey guy! 
Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spitzer. Remember, in the beginning they said it couldn't be done! 
I fought hard against Spitzer and Weiner, and both lost. For a while, when Spitzer was way up, it seemed that I was a lone voice! Good power 
Wow, Eliot Spitzer has lost - great news for New York City! 
Bottom line, I don't think President changed people's minds - must hope for a lifeline from Putin, a very dangerous lifeline at that! 
We will have to see what Russia's next move will be. They may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or drove into deeper mess! 
He is working hard and for that he must be given credit! 
Doesn't want to remove Assad - worries what comes next. 
Making his case in a nice and articulate manner. 
Does he look sharp, smart and presidential-his hands keep hitting the podium, making a loud and distracting noise-microphone too sensitive. 
Here we go! 
Will be covering President Obama's speech at 9.00 on Twitter-you are all so lucky! 
Red line statement was a disaster for President Obama. 
This new Russian strategy guarantees victory for the Syrian government-and makes Obama and U.S. look hopelessly bad. President in trouble! 
The Russians are playing a very smart game. In the meantime they are buying lots of time for Syria and making U.S. look foolish. Dangerous! 

"@realDonaldTrump you are a great mentor. I have all your books" Great--good luck! 
It will be great &amp; produce many jobs. 
Danger-Weiner is a free man at 12:01AM. He will be back sexting with a vengeance. All women remain on alert. 
In order to stay competitive in your industry, it is imperative to keep up to date on all news. A great commodity is information. 
So true! 
Thank you. 

"Cant wait to hear what has to say about Obama's speech tonight!"I'll be tweeting during speech 
Happy Birthday! 

"@realDonaldTrump when will u return to Soon! 
Olivia=a total winner! 

"@realDonaldTrump Can you imagine Obama running his own business? How sad would that be?" You never know! 

"F.O.C.U.S. - Follow One Course Until Successful -Midas Touch (this is a great read)" Thanks. 
Assad will never give up his chemical weapons. He has spent years and billions accumulating them. This is all a ruse. 
Want to take a quiz with me? Download the app and watch on Monday at 8/7c on 
We deserve all the answers on Benghazi! 
Soon to be the greatest hotel in U.S. don_trump_jr #OldPostOffice 
Press conference at The Old Post Office in D.C. 
Just landed in D.C. 
Heading down to D.C. 
#TrumpVine from D.C.- 
This George Zimmerman is really a mess - he really has to just disappear! (He attacked his wife last night). 
Arsenio, may your run be long, successful and important-just be yourself and you will be a smash! Good luck. 
I'll be going to the Old Post Office Building on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. today. Will create one of world's great hotels. Lots of jobs! 
Do you believe what is going on in Washington with respect to Syria - these people don't have a clue! 
He is not smart enough to understand! 
Why does a network allow a stupid racist like Toure to stay on the air when his ratings are so abysmal! Can there be only one reason 
Icahn, Kravis, Zell, Buffett have all used the bankrutcy law to their benefit. Many of the top business people do. 
Dumb as a rock Toure doesn't have a clue about money or anything else-merely a simpleton racist.Really bad ratings,really stupid guy 
If you weren't such a dumb racist moron with bad ratings you would know I never filed for bankruptcy,now worth over $10 billion dummy 
Our economy is in trouble. The unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. We need growth-- and now! 
Iraq has granted Iran full air rights to fly over and arm Syria. What did America accomplish with the Iraq war? And now Syria?! 
This week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in Benghazi that left 4 Americans dead. No answers! 
Congratulations to on her superb win. She is terrific! 
Adopt the Arts campaign at ensures that an underfunded public school has music and arts programs 
Ernie--You are doing a great job with #autismsupport--glad to help. See you at Trump National, Jupiter. 
#TheView Lots of fun on with and 
@SherriEShepherd-
http://t.co/IsACcFE5i6 
Don't attack Syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again! 
Why are we fighting for the "rebels" that hate us-only to save face for Obama! 
Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. 
Also, great comeback by the New York Jets. That game was over until a really dumb defensive play by Tampa. Amazing. 
Tony Romo just made a great play-Giants are getting killed! 
Great comeback by Tom Brady-New England! 
The New York Giants are looking really bad so far tonight. Does not get much worse than this! 
Doing a commercial for lots of fun! 
You need both, thanks. 
Do you notice that nobody is talking about the many scandals of the Obama administration anymore - The Teflon President! 
Great! 
Great looking couple-good to have him back! 
My shirts, ties and suits are selling great because they are the best and most stylish at a really reasonable price - thanks! 
I want him to do a great job but he can't. 
President Obama, do not attack Syria. There is no upside and tremendous downside. Save your "powder" for another (and more important) day! 
Isn't it intetesting that anybody who attacks President Obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there! 
Speaking of our very stupid war with Iraq, it is totally disintegrating and Iran (with Russia) will walk in and take it over (lots of oil)! 
Thank you, but we are dealing with many very stupid people! 
I'm a Republican but not a fan of the last George Bush-he also was a lousy President (Iraq etc.). In fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama! 
Former President Jimmy Carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst President in the history of the United States! 
Syria has been given so much time that much of the things we were going to bomb have been moved into civilian areas! A polititian's war. 
Just watching NBC News where our potential attack is being detailed-the exact ships, the stealth bombers, the destinations-so ridiculous! 
If Syria was forced to use Obamacare they would self-destruct without a shot being fired. Obama should sell them that idea! 
When we have big disasters, no one comes to our aid or even suggests helping - but we are always expected to come to the aid of others! 
Obama is not a leader, he's just a campaigner! 
Many of the Syrian rebels are radical jihadi Islamists who are murdering Christians. Why would we ever fight with them? 
No surprise. Woman being cited by Kerry &amp; McCain on Syrian rebels is a paid consultant of the rebels 
I am not angry at Russia (or China) because their leaders are far smarter than ours. We need real leadership, and fast,before it is too late 
I wonder how much our "leaders" have promised, or given, Russia in order for them to behave and not make the U.S. look even worse? 
Really bad news just announced concerning jobs. Far fewer jobs created in August than anticipated. Interest rates, therefore, to remain low. 
We don't have the leadership, including the Generals (who just said the element of surprise does not matter) to attack anyone! Cool it. 
Did you ever see a situation so ridiculous as our President explaining what, when and where to Congress about a Syrian attack. Far too late! 
The terrorists in Syria are calling themselves REBELS and getting away with it because our leaders are so completely stupid! 
We should not attack Syria but if they make the stupid move to do so, the Arab League,whose members are laughing at us, should pay! 
... while a 300ft turbine in Ardrossan, North Ayrshire, erupted in flames the previous month during gales of 165 mph 
In January '12, 3 turbines were wrecked in rough weather ... 
A 40mph gust of wind wrecked a wind turbine in Scotland Any turbine in close proximity to a school must go! 
All former Bush administration officials should have zero standing on Syria. Iraq was a waste of blood &amp; treasure. 
That would mean that Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he's done--politics, TV &amp; even real (cont) 
It will be interesting to see what happens to Eliot Spitzer if he loses the election for Comptroller to very capable 
AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN &amp; FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING! 
While everyone is waiting and prepared for us to attack Syria, maybe we should knock the hell out of Iran and their nuclear capabilities? 
If you look at the horrible picture on the front page of the NY Times of the "rebels" executing prisoners, you would say forget the rebels! 
Tell Congress to straighten out the many problems of our country before trying to be the policemen to the world. Make America great again! 
The only reason President Obama wants to attack Syria is to save face over his very dumb RED LINE statement. Do NOT attack Syria,fix U.S.A. 
President Obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about Syria crossing the RED LINE. Amazingly, now he denies he said that! 
Thank you. 
Very true! 
Is Anthony Weiner a jerk or what! 
Jay Leno and his people are constantly calling me to go on his show. My answer is always no because his show sucks. They love my ratings! 
Send it to me in New York, Doug! Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Happy New Year to all of my Jewish friends and supporters. Shana Tova. Hopefully it will be a great year! 
.@EmilyMiller's book "Emily Gets Her Gun" exposes the attack on our Second Amendment A must read! 
Congratulations to on winning TV Personality Of The Year. Piers deserves his success! 
Thanks. 
Soon. 

"@realDonaldTrump To be a champ. you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will" True! 
For all of those fools that want to attack Syria, the U.S.has lost the vital element of surprise-so stupid-could be a disaster! 
What I am saying is stay out of Syria. 
The great GENERALS MacArthur and Patton, real leaders and fighters, are spinning in their graves as we give Syria info &amp; time to prepare. 
From the great author of Rich Dad, Poor Dad-- Robert Kiyosaki-- here is a very nice article. 
Great! 
Thanks. 
How can General Martin Dempsey tell Obama that delaying the Syria bombardment will have no consequences? He is no Patton or MacArthur. 
I am giving away money. Check the crowdfunding site Raise money for anything! 
China, OPEC and Russia laugh at us. But now thanks to Obama so does Syria. Very sad! 
Enjoy the ratings of President Obama. 
I applaud Columbia, South Carolina for cleaning up biz center Will cut crime &amp; advance commerce. 
President Obama's "Arab Spring" is not looking so good right now! 
Think of it, the Arab League doesn't want to get involved with Syria - but they want us to do their dirty work. How stupid! 
If the U.S. attacks Syria and hits the wrong targets, killing civilians, there will be worldwide hell to pay. Stay away and fix broken U.S. 
Our country is looking very bad right now! 
After Arsenio won Celebrity Apprentice he told me, in tears, that I would be his first guest if he got a show. No interest! 
Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he has ever done, and now he wants to be comptroller. Thrown out of politics and off of TV, CRAZY! 
Each time I see one of Anthony Weiner's television ads for mayor I ask, what the hell is he doing just wasting money &amp; time-go get a job! 
Thanks! 
In war, the elememt of surprise is sooooo important.What the hell is Obama doing. 
We have given Syria so much time and information-there has never been such an instance in wartime history. Syria is now fully prepared! 
Why isn't the Arab League paying for everything and sending troops? They want us to do their dirty work with no involvement by themselves! 
The Arab League stated that it wants nothing to do with an attack on Syria, but they want us to attack.Are our leaders insane or just stupid 
It is truly amateur hour at the White House - and this is why we should not be doing the "war thing" right now! 
So true! 
President Obama's weakness and indecision may have saved us from doing a horrible and very costly (in more ways than money) attack on Syria! 
Good luck. 
You have real talent! 
Happy birthday. 
Thank you. 
Did anyone notice that Obama failed to get a coalition of other countries to go along with us. He couldn't even get Britain! NO LEADERSHIP. 
Thank you. 
Be prepared, there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into World War III. 
China is already preparing to benefit economically from this mess. They will pick up the pieces and make yet another fortune-&amp; laugh at us! 
Obama now just wants to save face, Russia is now telling him "don't do it". He waited too long and the other side is much better prepared. 
Who are our generals that are allowing this fiasco to happen right before our eyes. Call it the "PLENTY OF NOTICE WAR" 
Syria has prepared for an attack based on all of our "talk" - they have moved targeted ammunition and supplies to new locations.Amazing! 
For the first time in the history of military operations a country has broadcast what, when and where they will be doing in a future attack! 
The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not! 
How bad has our "leader" made us look on Syria. Stay out of Syria, we don't have the leadership to win wars or even strategize. 
If Obama attacks Syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed, he and the U.S. will look very bad! 
Is everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with Syria? Our leaders don't know what they are doing! 
The ratings of The Cycle on MSNBC, a sad and pathetic show, are way down. If they fired racist moron a truly stupid guy, they live! 
Happy Birthday Deborah. 
"It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer." -- Albert Einstein 
Dress for success. The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available 
Pervert Weiner is dead in his race for mayor of NYC but WOW, Eliot Spitzer has dropped way down in recent poll for comptroller. SLEAZE! 
So, a woman in Chicago, who never had a job, has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). These kids will never work. Trouble! 
So true! 
Interesting and thanks! 
Thanks Ben. 
I agree, thanks. 
I hope everyone read the brilliant article in American Spectator about leightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. He should be run out of office! 
In that has with really dumb racist Bryant Gumbel(and I mean dumb), and no CBS (which fired Bryant), I am switching bldgs. 
People are really liking the new ties and shirts are amazing and selling great! 
Via by Lauren Odomirok: "Trump, Norman play renovated golf course" 
#TrumpVine A message for my hotel guest, 
Thanks Dan. 
True. 
Thanks. 
What a shame that ratings have sunk even lower in 2013. Prime time down 50%. are (cont) 
What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval. 
Congress must protect our borders first. Amnesty should be done only if the border is secure and illegal immigration has stopped. 
Thx Mark--I appreciate your words about the school. You sound like you're doing well--happy for you. 

"@realDonaldTrump Remember Obama so loved the poor he created millions more!" Interesting! 
Thanks! 

"@realDonaldTrump remembering your generosity to so many after #SuperstormSandy." Thank you Marlena. 
If Christian Bale turned down $50M to return as Batman he should have his head examined. What was he thinking?! 
The Yankees are sure lucky George Steinbrenner is not around. A lot of people would be losing their jobs. 
Via by Jeffrey Lord: "Is Eric Schneiderman a Crook?" What a great writer &amp; researcher--amazing story. 
Wow, ratings are really low, worst in many years. I guess I'll have to start doing my Tuesday morning interviews with them again! 
Tanja--never give up! 
The United States needs to fix its own problems, of which there are many, first! 
Let the Arab League take care of Syria. Why are these rich Arab countries not paying us for the tremendous cost of such an attack? 
If we are going to continue to be stupid and go into Syria (watch Russia), as they say in the movies, SHOOT FIRST AND TALK LATER! 
I wonder what the great generals like Patton, the big M, or Robert E. LEE would have thought about our stupid broadcasting of an attack? 
No, dopey, I would not go into Syria, but if I did it would be by surprise and not blurted all over the media like fools. 
That said, the rich Arab countries should get involved with the Syrian mess, not us.We should start rebuilding our own country &amp; military. 
Why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack Syria. Why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise? 
I give the President's speech a 7 on the scale of 0 to 10! Not bad but room for improvement! 
Why would anyone think Obama would attack Syria the day of his speech in Washington. He doesn't want to detract from his press &amp; glory. 
So true, not even close. 
Have the Arab League do it and pay for it. 
Thanks. 
I will! 

"I really want to speak at Liberty University convocation again." Great school. 
Thanks La Toya! 
Happy Birthday Bernice. 
True. 

"@realDonaldTrump Trump will win this - as he wins everything else! Awesome" Thanks. 
Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Take control and move forward every day. 
.@tracegallagher and discussing my case on 
Congrats to on making first cut. Stay strong and positive! We are all rooting for you. 
Josh8J4 
"@realDonaldTrump I have a dream that you will be president to make this country great again. #USA" Thank you. 
Interesting. 

"@realDonaldTrump the Arab league should be taking care of this, not us." 100% correct 

"@realDonaldTrump At least Doral will be great again!!!" That's true! 
Great! 
Thanks Terry. 
Thanks Peter. 
I have a dream that our country will be great again! #DreamDay 
Thanks for your support - I greatly enjoyed your comments on The Five the other day. Best wishes! 
As I predicted long ago, the war in Iraq was a disaster for the U.S. Heading for civil war, there are bombings all over the place.Iran happy 
Via "@IvankaTrump Talks Hamptons Lifestyle with Emmy Rossum" 
Kate is donating a #kidney to her husband . You can help! I did #donate 
See on the cover of View the digital edition: 
There has been a systematic targeting of the Tea Party by the Obama administration. Now Schneiderman goes after me. No coincidence. 
Has AG Schneiderman been extorting his targets and their lawyers for contributions? We will find out. 
Very cool, thanks. 
Thanks. 

"@realDonaldTrump purely a political move if he met w/Obama,Mr.Trump please put the heat on this clown show!" 
I hope the NY tax payer appreciates the millions Schneiderman is about to waste on a small case. I will litigate to victory. 
Thug Politics. Lightweight hack Schneiderman meets with Obama on Thursday, then brings frivolous suit on Saturday. 
Thank you. 
Via "Trump: Attorney general behind lawsuit a 'total lightweight'" 
Interesting! 
I don't think he can! 
I really enjoyed doing the show circuit this AM discussing lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman &amp; the terrible job he has done for NY. 
Gov. Cuomo's Moreland Comm should be looking at AG Schneiderman shaking down those under investigation/ in litigation for campaign $$$ 
Fox and Friends 
Wow, l just found out that A.G. Schneiderman met with President Obama in Syracuse on Thursday --- and sued me on Saturday! Same as IRS etc. 
What did our very stupid &amp; ineffective A.G. Eric Schneidean, during his trips to MY office, tell me about President Obama &amp; Governor Cuomo? 
After years of long stops then starts, why did dopey Eric Scheiderman tell people in The Trump Org. "this case is going away,we have no case 
How can an Attorney General ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case - a total sleazebag! 
Why did lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman come to my office on numerous occasions begging for campaign contributions? Also, recent asks? 
Why is it that Eric Schneiderman is considered a lightweight by so many and has failed to go after Jon Corzine and big abusers for billions? 
Why did failing A.G. Eric Schneiderman, after years of looking, file his pathetic lawsuit on a SATURDAY afternoon (unheard of)? No case! 
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman, who has been a total failure in office, failed to report the 98% approval rating of students for courses 
Thank you. 
Lightweight NYS Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is trying to extort me with a civil law suit. See website 
Thanks, it was fun and amazing! 
Sir Nick is not only a great player, he is a great guy -and, by the way, doing a fantastic job for CBS! 
Happy birthday! 
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold 
#FlashbackFriday Trump family- final week of show- is terrific! 
Great Jason! 
Thanks! 

"@realDonaldTrump 
What a great building Mr T!" Thanks! 
With the whacko pervert Weiner about to be embarrassed, all women need to be on the lookout. Sexting begins 9.11 12:01 AM 
Thanks! 
If Stop &amp; Frisk is struck down by the pandering NYC politicians, increases in crime &amp; eventual terrorist attacks will be on them. 
Thanks. 
Thanks, great that you remember, really nice. 
Thanks! 
I like you too. 
Thanks! 
Via by "TRUMP: NY MAG AILES STORY 'TOTAL BULLS**T'" It was total bullshit! 
Thank you John. 
Roger Ailes never called me about your piece on him Gabriel. He is a very smart and secure guy who doesn't need help from me 
With Democrats Spitzer, Danger-Weiner &amp; Filner, which party really has the war on women? 
Happy Birthday! 
Congress must defund ObamaCare. It is destroying Medicare and breaking promises to our Seniors, including veterans. 
.@AlexSalmond Heatwave in Scotland makes wind turbines useless. Big problem, expensive mess. 
NYC politicians better stop pandering--ending stop &amp; frisk would be a disaster. 

"@realDonaldTrump ..why the animosity towards Bryant Gumbel?" He is a very stupid &amp; arrogant dope! 

"@realDonaldTrump I bet her ratings were great! Good work Mr. Trump" They were great--thanks! 
And so have many others. 
Glad to see that the Egyptian Army is releasing Mubarek. As we see, Obama never should have abandoned him. He was an ally. 
Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the most exclusive &amp; elite clubs in the world w/award winning amenities 
Had a great time on last night. Greta always does great interviews. 
The hatchet job in about Roger Ailes is total bullshit. He is the ultimate winner who is surrounded by a great team. 
.@AlexSalmond If a country wants to rapidly destroy its economy, I have an idea--just put up subsidized wind (cont) 
You must admit that Bryant Gumbel is one of the dumbest racists around - an arrogant dope with no talent. Failed at CBS etc-why still on TV? 
GRETA IN A FEW MINUTES-on Fox. 
.Doing Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-enjoy! 
True--thanks! 
Mitt, but Stuart Stevens was terrible. 
I will be doing Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 PM on Fox News, talking about China &amp; Mitt's failed campaign team. 
ObamaCare is an absolute disaster which will destroy 16% of the economy and ultimately more! 
NYC is under constant threat from Jihadists &amp; violent criminals. Stop &amp; Frisk keeps streets &amp; subways safe.Stand strong Ray Kelly 
Our country needs to reestablish the work ethic. In NY, welfare pays better than jobs Zero incentive. 
With expected to represent in the Presidential race, Chris will have a very hard time winning. 
Our great project in South America, Trump Tower Punta Del Este in Uruguay, will have spectacular views and the... 
Chicago is a shooting disaster-they should immediately go to STOP AND FRISK. They have no choice, hundreds of lives would be saved! 
Thank you. 
Thanks 
Interesting! 
Thanks! 
So true! 
Great place- thanks! 
Thanks! 
Thanks! 
.@NY_POLICE Commissioner Ray Kelly has done a top job keeping NYC safe. Stop &amp; Frisk has been a critical tool for the NYPD. 
Be sure to check to see my picks 
#TrumpAdvice 
#TrumpVine Opinion on Egypt- 
Very cute! 
So, lets get this right. Steve Jobs dies and leaves his wife everything-billions of dollars. Now his wife has a boyfriend (lover). Oh Steve! 
Re-build the United.States not places that hate our country and everything we stand for! 
Let the Arab countries take care of Egypt-they have more to gain and plenty of money..It's time for the U.S. to stop being stupid.NO DOLLARS 
Yes, at Macy's. 
We must leave "stop and frisk" for A-Rod and Anthony Weiner! 
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold 
Keep an open mind--business is a creative endeavor. Strive for innovative ideas. 
See problems as a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge---and remember to keep focused on your goals. 
Work hard, study, read 'The Art of the Deal' and "Midas Touch" 
Obama' ststement on Egypt was terrible and dumb-now being used by military as a rallying cry-our foreign policy is worst in U.S. history. 
NIELSEN RATINGS: 1.@ThisWeekABC, 2.52 viewers, 6 SHR,1.91RTG, .55 25-54 2.@meetthepress 2.24 total viewers, 5 SHR,1.61RTG, .47 25-54 
.@AlexSalmond See photo 
https://t.co/RVBwv4LApU 
My int. with on my Iowa speech, 2016 &amp; Benghazi 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 

"@realDonaldTrump may not agree with your political stance, but your golf courses are unreal" Thx (I think) 
Great! 
So nice, thanks! 
Thanks Amie. 
Mark Levin's 'The Liberty Amendments: Restoring the American Republic" is a truly great &amp; important book. 
Who knows? 
Thanks Kelsey. 
Thanks. 
Thanks Dan. 
740 Park Avenue is being robbed all over the place--we come down hard on thieves at Trump buildings. 
#TrumpVine Where is the money 

"@realDonaldTrump Just finished #TheArtOfTheDeal. Awesome book w/ great insight!" Thanks, good luck. 
Midas Touch, by Donald J. Trump &amp; 
Very nice, thanks. 
Carl, keep lt going, I have a lot of Apple stock. Push them to QUICKLY come out with a larger screen for the I-PHone (Samsung) 
My honor, thanks! 
Thanks! 
Thanks! 
Thanks! 
Great! 
Once again, it is time to let all time hits leader Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. He has paid a big price! 
Great picture, say hello! 
Things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. As long as you are enjoying what you are doing, keep going. 
Congrats on #RoadHard raising $1M on a record. 
In Miami tracking $250M renovations. Will be America's top resort. just signed for 10 yr ext. 
Great, good luck! 
Republicans have very strong hand in their fight against Obamacare-lets see if they are willing and able to play it "tuff"! 
Looks like Anthony Weiner Is through-most recent poll has him deeply in last place. GOOD NEWS 
Obama has exempted businesses, his staff and all of Congress from ObamaCare. Why is he still forcing the monstrosity on the U.S.? 
I will be on Greta tonight at 10 PM on Fox News. 
.@SenMikeLee refuted every point Karl 1.6% Rove made on the need to defund ObamaCare.Must listen 
Congrats to of for exposing Jason Linkins of as a lightweight dope who gives false information. 
Wow, good competition! 
.@TrumpChicago is the Windy City's sole skyscraper to feature a 4 star hotel, 4 star restaurant &amp; spa 
I agree--@HuffingtonPost is going down with and Patch &amp; hates Tim Armstrong. 

"@realDonaldTrump Are your ties available in South Africa?" You can order them online 
Thanks. 
So true! Just a business tool used by the best! Ask Carl, Warren, etc. 
Deal done--too late dopey! 

"@realDonaldTrump I'm so happy that you find time to tweet. I really enjoy following you." Thanks Amy. 

"@realDonaldTrump hay Mr. Trump! You're my rolemodel,and I love your show(Celebrity Apprentice)" Thanks! 
Thanks. 
Good.morning, I'm going to work! 
Not only is a racist (and boring), he's a really dumb guy! 
I would love to represent your husband-you would end up with nothing! And please don't call Tim Armstrong stupid and weak? 
Did the poor but smart to leave ex-husband of get any of the dollars she got for the use of his name in really stupid AOL deal? 
The failing and dopey are writing so much false junk about me-they just can't get enough! BE CAREFUL. 

"@realDonaldTrump I love all your inspirational quotes! It keeps us going... thanks Donald!" Great! 
He knows the best place! 
A long time ago, thanks. 
I understand, thanks. 
Thank you Readers' Choice: Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas has been nominated by 10 Best for "Best Pet-Friendly Hotel" 
"Make your life as groundbreaking as possible, while also minding the tides and riptides around you." - Think Like a Champion 

"@realDonaldTrump my 19 year old son, Logan, is hoping you run in 2016. Me too!" Thank you Logan and Erin. 
Thanks. 
So true--thanks. 
Congratulations to on winning the PGA championship. Great job! 
Thank you! 
I can't believe that in New York we can't watch the PGA Championsip on CBS. How .much discount is Time Warner giving its customers? 
- very fair interview! 
So nice, good morning! 
Thank you, I had an amazing time! 
Don't lie, you will watch with great gusto! 
My finances have been totally filed dummy! 
It was great being with you last night - fantastic people, and Bob V is special!!! 
Should be interesting - lets see how fair and honest they will be! Enjoy 
I enjoyed my intetview with only hope it is fairly edited! 
Very interesting!!! 
Thanks Thomas! 
Stay tuned! 
Big crowd expected tomorrow night in Iowa. It will be interesting and fun - great people! 
The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available at is the pinnacle of style and prestige 
Thank you for putting my Scotland course on your cover and a Top 100 course in the world. 
Colin Montgomerie You are not only a great golfer, you are doing a great job of commentary 
First Minister will be destroying the beauty of Scotland with his insane desire for bird killing wind turbines. 
If the gov't shuts down, it is because Obama wants to make working Americans buy ObamaCare while businesses and gov't are exempt. 
If FM needs to litter Scotland w/ ugly industrial wind turbines to gain independence, he will lose! 
Re: hiring contractors, remember the cheapest isn't always the best. Their work may have to be redone &amp; they may not be reliable. 
I will be addressing a fantastic Ames crowd at tomorrow's Leadership Summit 
.@AScottPGA Really solid playing--keep going! 
.@JustinRose99 Great playing--we are proud of you! 
Via "Iowa Evangelical Leader Says Donald Trump Is Bold And Transparent" 
Blackdog, Scotland, started a petition against 
Thanks. 
When we finish, it will be one of world's great hotels. 

"Made sure to visit during our 1st vacation to NYC. Well done Thanks. 
Only some! 

"@ryanjorde money solves all problems #momoneymoproblems" Wrong! 

"@realDonaldTrump. Biggest motivation and THEE best role models ever!" Bill is a terrific guy! 
He should meet him &amp; beat him--but that doesn't look like it's going to happen. 
Wrong, Piers is smart &amp; tough and, when you get to know him, a really good guy--and loyal! 
Obama should meet with Putin snd convince him to do what is good for the U.S. It's called good dealmaking or, simply, leadership! Cajole. 
Thanks 
66 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Have a great time-happy birthday! 
Thanks. 
Have a Happy Birthday. 
So true-Alex Salmond is absolutely killing these great and brave people! 
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold 
Just a few days until I keynote at Leadership Summit in Iowa Very exciting 

"@realDonaldTrump England Loves Donald Trump. Where can we buy your ties from over here please?" Check out 
Great, go get 'em! 
Because Piers won Celebrity Apprentice &amp; is wonderful--and I just started with Twitter. 

"Hey visited Trump International Hotel in #Vegas yesterday. What a fantastic hotel." Thanks! 
Great! 
Thank you! 
"Patience is the greatest of all virtues." -- Cato 
"Get respect, and do not give a damn if people like you." --Think Big 
Thanks. 
Keep your chin up, keep going. 
Thank you. 
Good luck! 
My honor! 
Do not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way by increasing your leverage. 
Ft. Hood Jihadi Nidal Hassan has been paid over $300g in Army salary while on trial. His victims are deprived of any benefits... 
Thanks Ian. 
Great being on your show--see you soon! 
Thanks! 
Thank you. 
.@TrumpSoHo features a striking glass walled building w/ loft inspired interiors NYC's trendiest luxury hotel 
The Trump Organization is honored to have been awarded the redevelopment of The Old Post Office. Will be DC's finest hotel. 
"Trump Finalizes Agreement For Trump International Hotel, The Old Post Office Building, Washington, D.C." 
Excited to be keynoting Leadership Summit in Iowa this Saturday 
Happy Birthday Shane. 
#TrumpVine Weiner is a joke.... 
HI! 
HI! 
Let in the HOF - it's time! 
Good luck again! 
Happy birthday! 
"By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail." --Benjamin Franklin 
Best to look up titles at under publications. Start with The Art of the Deal and Never Give Up. 
If you love what you're doing, the energy and passion will be there. It's the best way to succeed. 
Yes, it will be amazing. 
Thank you Brian and good luck. 
Thanks! 
Great! 
"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else."
Albert Einstein 
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time."
Thomas A. Edison 
Thanks Jake. 
Why has all time hits leader Pete Rose paid a 20 year price whrn A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete into The Hall of Fame! 
That could happen, he is terrific! 
Thank you! 
Thank you Rob! 
Thanks Michelle! 
Will be on with Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-always a great show with Greta! 
The Old Post Office building in Washington (D.C.) will soon be transformed into one of the great hotels anywhere in the world-lots of jobs! 
We.signed our deal to take over the historic Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Ave. from the U.S. and convert it into super luxury hotel-jobs! 
"Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often."
--Mark Twain 
Thanks! 
Look at the solution, not the problem--and never give up. 
Thanks. 
OmikronDreamer 
"@realDonaldTrump do you wear your own ties?" Yes. 
Great! 
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Goethe 
Via "Thomas Jefferson, Donald Trump Share Love of Grapes in Virginia" 
The key word is "yet." Keep at it, never give up. 
Pursue it starting today. "Action is the foundational key to all success."
Pablo Picasso 
Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Get your momentum going and keep it going. 
A good question for would-be entrepreneurs to ask themselves: What am I pretending not to see? There are a lot of opportunities out there. 
The Art of the Deal. 
Please send info to 725 Fifth Ave, N.Y. 10022. Thanks. 
Great going. 
Thank you! 
Happy Birthday! 
Let me sum this up for you... 
That's great! 
Less than ten days until I keynote Leadership Summit. Tix going fast.
http://t.co/kWP1FV0eY9 
sparkling, white &amp; red wine collections have won numerous major awards &amp; acclaim including 
Keystone XL should be approved but more importantly we should be drilling &amp; fracking our own resources. Would be an economic windfall. 
Do as I say, not as I do. Obama just granted a special ObamaCare exemption for all Congress All are hypocrites! 
Over 35 CIA operatives were on the ground in Benghazi the night of the 9.11 attack Still a "phony scandal"? 
"If once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens, you can never regain their respect and their esteem." Abraham Lincoln 
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold 
Wrong! 

"@realDonaldTrump How long until a Trump Golf Course hosts a major?" Very soon! 
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined."
- Henry David Thoreau 
I know! 
Thanks. 
Thanks! 
Isn't it sad the way Putin is toying with Obama regarding Snowden. We look weak and pathetic. Could not happen with.a strong leader! 
Thank you! 
Thank you. 
Perhaps. 
Wow! Does Eliot Spitzer have a girlfriend? This is getting exciting. 
"If you don't do your part, don't blame God." - Billy Sunday 

"@realDonaldTrump You should Vine more often, they're great! #trumpvine" Thanks! 
It is a great victory for NYC that A-Rod will never wear pinstripes again. 
I am getting worried about Chris Matthews. Is he drinking again? 
Chris Matthews ratings are at new historic lows. He is single-handedly destroying the entire channel. 
Snowden is handing over to Russia a treasure trove of intel. Our politicians are incapable of dealing! 
A sad day for America with Snowden being granted asylum in Russia. Putin is laughing at Obama. 
Be sure to keep following announcements on the development of Trump International Golf Club Dubai. Will be spectacular. 
My int. on China, the economy and my upcoming keynote at Leadership Summit 

"@realDonaldTrump so proud to be going to your alma mater you smart man" Great. 

"@realDonaldTrump thoughts on Snowden being granted asylum in Russia?" No respect for U.S. by Russia. 
Being associated with Joel is my great honor--he is a fantastic man! 
I wonder who first guest will be---- his show will be great! 
Who knew this innocent kid would grow into a monster? #TBT #Trump 
#TrumpVine sucks! 
When I jokingly said "bring back Steve Jobs to run Apple" because Apple has not been doing well, the haters &amp; losers had a field day! Sad. 
Conservative! 
Yes, very soon. Project will be amazing! 
Have fun! 
Thank you. 
Happy birthday Glenda! 
Thanks. 
Thanks Tim! 
Thank you. 
Thank you for those nice words! 
Now with the Danger-Weiner campaign dead, time to focus on crazy Eliot Spitzer. A man who has never earned 10 cents in his life. 

"i survive on bread, water and essential tweets" Great! 

"@realDonaldTrump Are you redoing the Red Course Doral too?" Yes. 

"@realDonaldTrump appreciate the advice. Needed that today. Thank u." My honor. 
Great piece by exposing how Karl 1.6% Rove cooked a poll in support of ObamaCare 
Have a great day. 
"Defund it, or own it. If you fund it, you're for it." - 
Via "Donald Trump has major aspirations for his Trump National Golf Club in Virginia" 
Looking forward to keynoting Leadership Summit. Tickets selling out 
Congratulations to on her big ratings win for the evening news. Diane is a spectacular person. 
Thanks.Eric. 
Poll numbers have nosedived for pervert NYC mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner- good news for New York! 
Thank you Andy! 
Sorry Dopey, I bought lots of Facebook Stock at 16. 
Justin, it will be on in the Fall - the cast will be great! 
Thanks Sonia. 
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing! 
Thank you so much Adam! 
"Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement." - Henry Ford 
The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost 
Thanks. 
"Trust in God and be true to yourself." 
Mary MacLeod Trump
"Know everything you can about what you're doing." 
Fred C. Trump 
The Golden Rule of Negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules. 
Negotiation tip: Be reasonable &amp; flexible. Being open to change could lead you into a fortunate situation and open the door to innovation. 
The Art of the Deal is a good start. 
I love what I do. You have to have passion for your work in order to be successful. That's number one. 
Negotiation tip: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. Try to create a win/win situation. 
Negotiation tip: Be patient, be persistent, be stubborn. Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. 
Thanks! 

"@realDonaldTrump which one of your Trump courses is your favorite to play?" Hard to say--all are fantastic. 
Wow--great! Thanks. 

"@realDonaldTrump What advice would you give 's wife Huma?" Take off! 

"@realDonaldTrump Donald, out of all the resorts you own, which do you consider the best?" I'd better not say! 
Thanks! 
Happy Birthday. 

"@realDonaldTrump I love your sayings..very inspirational..thank you" Thanks. 
I'm at Trump National DC watching the #2013JuniorPGA championship--fantastic young players! 
It will really be amazing when complete. 
Thanks. 

"a good 75% of 's tweets get favorited" Great! 
You can have a round on me! 
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you'll be a success." - A. Schweitzer 

"@realDonaldTrump Besides hard work, what has made you such an enormous success?" I love what I do. 
Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. 
True! 
The Art of the Deal! 
Thanks Colin. 
They are laughing. 
Thank you-work hard and good luck. 
The U.S. is now "begging" Russia to give back Edward Snowden. In a letter they promised no death penalty for the traitor. No respect! 
Druggie is now scheming to sue the He will go down as the biggest sports embarrassment of all time. 
#TrumpVine A message for 
The 250 million dollar construction of Trump Nationsl Doral is coming along great. Just left Miami where I toured entire project.AMAZING! 
On the sands of Playa Brava, waves will reflect on walls &amp; circular architecture of Trump Tower Punta del Este 
Getting ready to leave and the brand new Blue Monster course--it's unbelievable! 
"Trump: Weiner a 'Sick Puppy' That NYC Doesn't Need" via 
In beautiful Miami inspecting the progress of $250 million conversion into the country's #1 resort. 
Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. That's a shortcut to undermining your own potential. 

"@realDonaldTrump Wouldn't you agree, that Apple is falling off without visionary Steve Jobs?" Yes. 

"@realDonaldTrump also new products. they are going back to the pre steve jobs days." And I have stock 
True! 

"@realDonaldTrump reading The Midas Touch now, what an amazing source of good information." Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Great! 
I've just started blocking out some of the repetitive and boring (&amp; dumb) haters and losers. They are a waste of time and energy! 
"Entrepreneurs are all unique. One way to build a business and turn it into a brand is to know who you are." - Midas Touch 
Looking forward to my Iowa visit at Summit Big crowd! 

"In love with The best book that i ever read ! "why we want you to be rich" and Robert kiyosaki" 

"@realDonaldTrump Please post a Daily #Vine saying 'Obama You're Fired'! Thank You!" 
Today Obama will give another speech on the economy. Tomorrow our country will still be $17T+ in debt with 18% real unemployment. 
Why is pursuing environment destroying windmills when quit because of no (cont) 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 

"@realDonaldTrump Great interview with Greta! "America has lost incentive!" " Thanks and true. 
We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business. Think about that and develop a strategy starting today. 
".@Ynberg: Long term goal &gt;&gt;&gt; to be the black 4real".Great Dean, and you will make it! 
Watch the first #TrumpVine re: Anthony Weiner- 
More and more reporters are using the word TRUMP when referring to winning--just used on Bloomberg News. Gee, I wonder why? 
Vattenfall, the promoter of the money losing wind farm plan in Aberdeen, Scotland, just took a loss of $4.6 billion after dumb European move 
Bloomberg News - Spain's renewable projects, lead by money losing wind turbines, facing bankruptcy. Hopefully Scotland is watching! 
True! 
Thsnk you. 
Just amazing! 
Greta in a few minutes-will be interesting! 
Thanks. 
I am doing Greta tonight on Fox - talking about Obama Care and pervert Anthony Wiener! 10 P.M. 
On Anthony Wiener, I TOLD YOU SO! 
Remember, Anthony Wiener continued sending sick pics. long after his resignation from Congress and his apology-zero control over himself! 
Not when you are running for Mayor! 
As I told everyone once before, Wiener is a sick puppy who will never change-100% of perverts go back to their ways. Sadly, there is no cure 
I will be on ON THE RECORD tonight at 10 pm 

"@realDonaldTrump Visually the best golf course I have ever played! Trump international Golf Links." Thanks. 

"@realDonaldTrump you date girls young enough to be your daughter.That's perverted" Dated. No, that's talent. 
Citizen Kane, Gone with the Wind, The Good the Bad and the Ugly, etc. 

"@realDonaldTrump Do you think Anthony Weiner deserves a 3rd chance?" No. 
According to illegal immigrants favor Dems 8:1 pushing amnesty. Do they have death wish 
.@AROD is back on the DL. The coming suspension will be announced soon by 
National Review Online: Kristin Davis's Libertarian 'Tough Love' 
This is the summer of box office bombs. Who is green lighting this garbage? The scripts are terrible. 
No surprise, serial sexter Anthony continues to be a sick pervert. He was sexting a 'young' girl last summer 

"@realDonaldTrump I'll say it again, your tweets are very motivational &amp; inspiring. Thank you so much" Thank you. 
Happy Birthday! 
ginrnnr2 
"@realDonaldTrump ...is China economy in a "bubble"?" Only if we want it to be! 
Thanks. 
Happy Anniversary Heidi! 
If you've got some problems today, that's a good sign--that's life. So give them some thought and make the most of the situation. 
"Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character." --Albert Einstein 
Word is that they have far more evidence on A-Rod than they have on Ryan Braun! Alex is over. 
Baseball player Ryan Braun turned out to be a total con man after so vociferously proclaiming his innocence only to be guilty as.hell! 
True! 
China is taking the oil from Iraq after we spent 1.5 trillion dollars and thousands of lives for their "freedom". Our leaders are so stupid! 
500 of the most vicious prisoners escaped from an Iraq prison today. That country is a time bomb waiting to happen-a total corrupt mess! 
China is building 50 brand new airports while our country continues to rott! Very sad. 
Apple is finally considering a large screen for the I-Phone-they better get moving fast. When I told them to do this last year, they scoffed 
A terrible situation. 
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends in 3 minutes-7.00 A.M. 
Yes! 
Also, The Donald J. Trump Signature mattress from SERTA is doing record business-call Serta and see why! 
The ties, shirts and suits at Macy's are doing fantastically well-check out the new designs and low prices-nothing better! 
Our GDP has been growing less than 2% for the last 5 years. ObamaCare will slow us down even more. Has to be repealed. 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
.@AS_ScienceGuy 
"@realDonaldTrump Thank you for all your support of Great new breakthroughs." Fantastic! 
Thanks. 
Could happen. 
Detroit is going through very hard times right now.. If they are smart, brighter days are ahead. 
Ranked nationally in top 100, Trump Int'l Golf Club in Palm Beach is a 27 hole masterpiece 

"@realDonaldTrump Sir your tweets are truly motivational! Thanks a lot" Thank you. 
He was a great friend of mine--loyal guy. 
In No Spin Zone re: ObamaCare causing unemployment, negotiating with China &amp; my $5M court win 
"If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy." - Dale Carnegie 
The Art of the Deal is a good introduction. 
Never Give Up gives an overview of projects &amp; problems solved. 
"I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be." - Ken Venturi 
Re-run of O'Reilly on Fox NOW! 
On Bill O'Reilly in 5 minutes! 
For the disciples of global warming, in 150 summers (years) there have been 20 heat waves as bad or worse than current-this has happened b4! 
Whether you love, like or hate Donald Trump, I will be on Bill O'Reilly (Fox) tonight at 8.00. Bill knows Trump is great for ratings! 
Thank you Joselyn. 
I will be on tonight, interview with Bill O'Reilly, on at 8 p.m., repeated at 11 p.m. 
Thanks. 
Thanks--say hi to Mikey. 
The Art of the Deal. 
Thanks. 

"@realDonaldTrump You have truly elevated this club to another level. We thank you!" Thanks! 
With an award winning course designed by Tom Fazio, Trump National Philadelphia is a 360 acre exclusive jewel 
.@youngmman "@realDonaldTrump Conrad Hilton was a great man but Barron Hilton is a dope." Wrong on Barron! 
Go to now to see the incredible new selection of Trump Signature Collection ties, shirts and suits. 
My honor. 
.@bigstack19 "@realDonaldTrump Does anyone actually read Rolling Stone anymore? Guess they had to create (cont) 
.@GOP congress needs to actually defund ObamaCare, not waste time passing non-binding resolutions. 
Why is the congress focusing on amnesty when so many Americans are unemployed? 
"Time is on your side; things do not continue downward forever." - Think Big 
"We all have the capability to read, or sense, what's happening with others. It can often give you the edge (cont) 
Isn't it crazy that people of little or no talent or success can be so critical of those whose accomplishments are great with no retribution 
Don't talk about Rolling Stone Magazine but, most importantly, don't buy it. This degenerate killed and maimed so many wonderful people! 
Sad thing is Rolling Stone was (is) a dead magazine with big downward circulation and now, for them at last, people are talking about it! 
"Sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities" - Think Like a Champion 
The Zimmerman trial is over. It is time to move on. While Zimmerman is no angel, he was acquitted and should be able to move on. 
.@IsraeliPM is a resolute leader. When he sets a red line, it stands! 
.@MissUSA Erin Brady is doing a fantastic job representing Trump Miss USA. Smart, gorgeous--a really positive force! 
The 2013 Trump Pageant comes to Moscow on November 9th. Airing from Crocus City Hall on 
Only in America can a Jihadi thug who murdered women and children be nursed back to health &amp; then get a cover. 
Many people agree! 
Thanks. 
.@jacknicklaus has done a GREAT job as the architect of my new golf course at Ferry Point. NYC is very proud! 
Have fun! 
Thank you. 
Fun fact for my 2M+ followers - the 'Architect' Karl Rove blew $400M in the 2012 election with a success rate of 1.6%. 
Mariano Rivera is one of top of all time. Greatest closer of all time. A true warrior. Last night's MVP award well-deserved. 

"Way to go for the big donation to the #VAuction" Thanks. 
Thanks. 
My great honor! 
Rolling Stone is just another dying magazine that sucks! 
Good luck! 
Thanks. 
Great, thanks! 

"@realDonaldTrump - just finishing Midas Touch...Thank you so much for the great knowledge and wisdom in the book" Thx. 
It's the sense of achievement along the way. 
"Trump Tees Up Another 'Hole in One' in Scotland" 

"@realDonaldTrump I read your book: "Trump 101 The Way to Success" and I absolutely love it." Thanks, good luck! 
I like being nice to people. 
You will love it! 

"@realDonaldTrump I just finished reading think like a champion, I loved it..." Thanks and good luck. 
Very nice question, thank you Danny. 
Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort. 
"Feeling sorry for yourself is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have." Dale Carnegie 
Great idea, I will ask her! 
American league wins! 
Thanks. 
Great job-you are a terrific player! 
Sad! 
Interesting. 
Thanks! 
Give a lot of credit to Carlos Beltran for developing into a terrific baseball player and total winner for the Cardinals-great going Carlos! 
Thanks. 

"@realDonaldTrump please save our country before its too late!! President Trump sounds perfect" Thanks. 
Don't be a fool. 
Weiner and Spitzer are on top of the latest polls. A sad day for the greatest city on earth! They will spend lots of time together. 
True! 
I promise. 
Perhaps. Pray for great leadership! 
Great! 

"Think Like a Billionaire. By: A Must-Read. 
Do not give up--you will make it! 
Interesting! 
Traitor Snowden has requested asylum in Russia. Why would Russia grant it? Snowden already gave them all the intel he stole! 
.@ArceePalabrica "Midas Touch is the manual for entrepreneurs who want to succeed. Thanks for sharing your knowledge" 
Consumer prices rose in June due to OPEC OPEC continues to rip off hard working American families daily. 
Thanks. 
Great and thanks. 
Thank you. 
Thank you! 
Good luck. 
"Trump: Zimmerman Trial 'Traumatic Period for Country'" 
Via by "Trump Tees Up Another 'Hole in One' in Scotland" 
Had a great time on this morning. 
Because I will be busy doing anything other than being in the movie #RoadHard. 
I am not available to be in new movie #RoadHard.bit.ly/roadhardmovie 
Just found out that at a charity auction of celebrity portraits in E. Hampton, my portrait by artist William Quigley topped list at $60K 
Yes Danielle, a great chance. 
Obama will eventually approve the Keystone XL pipeline--has to happen but it is very late! 
Ready to get mad?! We are sending foreign aid to China, our greatest threat We are financing our enemy. 
All NYC needs is the mentally unstable Elliot Spitzer in office again. 
Via "Donald Trump Comments on a Return to Wrestling" 
My int. on the Zimmerman trial &amp; verdict, courage of the jury and reactions! 
Thanks Helen 
Zimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of self-defense, especially in Florida law, gave the jury little other choice 
Thanks. 
Spitzer failed as A.G., failed as Governor in disgrace, and was fired on all T.V. shows (boring and zero ratings), and he's at it again! 
I would invite Edward Snowden to be a judge at the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow but would be concerned that he would sell results early! 
Good luck! 
Perhaps Miss USA can lure Snowden back? 
I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th. 
Russia should hand over Snowden to the U.S. but they are having too much fun taunting our leaders. 
Wow! 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Interesting. 
True! 
Thanks! 
True and thanks! 
Thanks! 
A woman is suing one of my businesses despite the fact that she loved her classes. Our legal system is a mess. Watch- 
Thank you. 
Thanks, it will be great. 
Snowden has given serious information to China and Russia-anyone who thinks otherwise is a dope! He is a traitor who fled-he knew the crime! 
Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on. Do not dwell on failure. Start thinking big again. 
Why should ObamaCare be delayed for businesses and not working families? With premiums rising at record levels, it is not equitable. 
Just as I predicted, ObamaCare is a complete disaster which is failing on its own. May never be fully implemented. 
Getting rid of the mortgage interest deduction would be a disaster for homeowners, who have suffered enough! 
via Donald Trump announces launch of his first Indian project in Pune 
Happy Birthday. 
.@JoselynMartinez is a very brave woman who caught her father's killer She visited Ivanka &amp; me at Trump Tower today. 
Congratulations to Gretchen Carlson on her big move to hosting an afternoon solo show this fall on 
Great news that will be joining Elisabeth is a tremendous person and will be missed on 
Looking forward to a press conference today about on movie project #roadhard 
Thanks. 
Great! 
.@IamStevenT visited me at what a great guy! 
Thanks. 
BBC is a scandal ridden wasteland--a one sided piece of garbage! 
Thanks! 
Thanks. 
With the two wacko perverts--Spitzer and Weiner--NYC politics has become a joke all over the world. 
Spitzer never made 10 cents on his own-he worked for his very rich father (a friend of mine who never thought much of Eliot as a businessman 
Eliot Spitzer was a horrible Governor and A.G. who ruined many good people and cost the Country billions of dollars in losses (and jobs). 
You are correct Eliana! 
It probably was not drugs that caused the San Fran crash, but why aren't they testing - who knows? 
Thanks, it has been amazing! 
The San Fran crash was totally the pilot's fault - may be too late for drug testing, RIDICULOUS! 
What took investigators so long to interview the pilots of Asiana San Fran crash? WHY NO DRUG TESTS FOR PILOTS-they were really "off". 
.@TIME Magazine should definitely pick David Pecker to run things over there - he'd make it exciting and win awards! 
Pakistani intelligence had full knowledge that Bin Laden was living in Abbottabad. They were sheltering him. 
Trump Organization's first project in India, Trump Towers Pune, will epitomize inspired living and timeless elegance 
With Spitzer &amp; Anthony Weiner running for office, New York is pervert central! Pathetic 
Be sure to check out the new projects 
Giving away money! 
You said you are "tired" - say the rest, that you're lazy and dumb! 
Thank you! 
Was not mentioned that we built one of the great golf courses in the world- bringing tremendous business to Scotland. 
Based on John Sweeney's lousy reputation, we are airing large parts of the interview that were not shown- enjoy! 
Thank you! 
True and thanks. 
I did a great thing for Scotland! 
True and thanks! 
She was great! 
Thank you. 
"The pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity and the optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty." - Pres. Lincoln 
Thanks. 
"Remember that things are cyclical, so be resilient, be patient, be creative, and remain positive." - Think Like a Champion 
True! 
We built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world...bringing business to Scotland. 
Thanks! 
Thanks--has been great for Scotland. 
Great! 
True. 
Thanks. 
"If you think big you will encounter big setbacks from time to time. What really matters is how you respond to them." - Think Big 
The Art of the Deal is a good start. 
We should not cut any aid to Egypt. Their country is in chaos and now they must form a normal civil government. 
Thanks. 
You are probably correct, I am too honest to be a good politician! 
Besides an award winning golf course features exquisite estates on top the Palos Verdes Peninsula 
Thank you. 
Yeah, blame me moron! 
Fantastic job by a true champion who showed tremendous courage and determination! AMAZING 
True and thanks! 
Anderson Silva just got knocked out by new champion Chris Weidman! Congrats to Chris. 
Would seem that plane landed short of runway in San Francisco! 
- Thank you for Trump Scotland honor! 
Just heard that the great Golf Week Magazine named my Trump International Golf Course-Scotland The Best Modern Day Golf Course In The World! 
So true! 
Thanks Craig. 
Thanks-a great place! 
Thank you Becca. 
For all of those that were hoping I was wrong, and this is a very unimportant subject to me, Dwight Howard just officially announced Houston 
Thanks Christine, very nice! 
Great! 
Dwight Howard just signed with Houston. 
To all of those who asked, I predicted two weeks ago and again last night that Dwight Howard would go to Houston.Do I get congrats-insight? 
But Paula handled it very poorly! 
Thank you! 
The "Arab Spring" is not working out so well-nice name, bad results! 
My son and just announced their engagement. Great news! A wonderful couple! 
Then why do you follow me like a little puppy, moron? 
Sharks are last on my list - other than perhaps the losers and haters of the World! 
Sorry folks, I'm just not a fan of sharks - and don't worry, they will be around long after we are gone. 
Leaving Miami-Trump National Doral will be GREAT! 
So true! 
Obama-Putin Moscow meeting on 9.3-4 On the agenda, 2013 Trump Pageant in Moscow on 11.9, on 
Stop and frisk works. Instead of criticizing Chief Ray Kelly, New Yorkers should be thanking him for keeping NY safe. 
In 2011 I said that Mubarak never should have been ousted because whoever replaces him will be worse. Obama made a mistake. 
You're right, it's beautiful--thanks! 
I just arrived in Miami where I will be checking out construction of the brand new Trump National Doral - always closely watch construction! 
Nice article on Trump Links at Ferry Point in today's New York Post - the construction is going really well! 
He would be crazy to play in L.A. - really bad coach who can't adjust to his players! 
Wow, Obama Care just got delayed by over a year because it is so complicated it cannot be understood - the beginning of the end! 
Oil prices just went over $100 per barrel for first time in nine months! 
Thanks! 
Will they pay us for the help-they have plenty of money (oil). 
Wrong! 
That's great! 
Good idea, will create one. 
Thank you:-) 
So true! 
"Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work." - Aristotle 
.@billmaher has continually degraded Catholic Church on the joke he calls a show Catholics should boycott HBO. 
.@Yankees are making a big mistake sending the doping to rehab assignment. Should suspend him until investigation is over. 
I am honored to be receiving the American Spectator Foundation Award for excellence in entrepreneurialism in Washington DC this fall. 
Instead of attacking me, Ashish J. Thakkar should worry about the culture of corruption plaguing Uganda 
Anti-Morsi protests are 10 times larger than 2011 anti-Mubarek protests. Interesting. 
Trump Puerto Rico is 1st development in Puerto Rico to combine lavish residences, world class golf &amp; a beach 
Thank you! 
I would stop paying him immediately. 
"You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - Think Big 
Yesterday Obama compared Nelson Mandela to George Washington in Africa. Do you think he really believes it? 
We should be concerned about the American worker &amp; invest here. Not grant amnesty to illegals or waste $7B in Africa. 
"Trump: 'Terrible traitor' Snowden embarrassing US" via by 
Congratulations to on joining on Crossfire. Show will be excellent! 
Located in beautiful Briarcliff, NY, features a 7,291 yard course just 25 minutes outside NYC 
Via "Donald Trump: I Can Fix America" 
Our thoughts and prayers are w/ the families of the 19 brave firefighters who died fighting the Arizona wildfire. God bless them. 
I'll bet he was! 
Via WSOC_TV: "Donald Trump's son says family thinking about expanding in uptown Charlotte" Great job 
Fox and.Friends now! 
Edward Snowden is absolutely killing the the U.S. with other countries! 
19 firefighters killed in Arizona - terrible tragedy! 
Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen - corruption is rampant! 
Thank you. 
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami this week to check out the $250 million renovation. In construction, always watch the money! 
I am so disappointed that the Yankeed haven't terminatrd A-Rod's contract. There is no way they would not win in court! Hard to believe. 
Just watched Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg on 60 Minutes. She should spend more time trying to get the F stock price up &amp; less on her ego! 
True! 
Everytime someone tweets that I wear a wig realize to yourself that you are dealing with "them" - just another sad &amp; lonely hater and loser! 
I like doing this once a month for the haters &amp; losers (and as they know)-I don't wear a "wig". Some may not like my hairstyle, but all mine 
Wrong, made a lot of money in Atlantic City-and most kids do blow their inheritance, or do nothing with it-look at stats. 
Thank you. 
So how is he allowed to get away with the crap he says? 
What my father really gave me is a good (great) brain, motivation and the benefit of his experience-unlike the haters and losers (lazy!). 
You mean the fact that my father left me some money (as a good father will) and I multiplied it many, many times to over $10 billion-is bad? 
They will mostly vote for Dems. 
I don't get and his terrible show - he is dumb as a rock but tries so hard to pass himself off as a great intellect. Check past! 
"Imagination is more important than knowledge." --Albert Einstein 
"Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with other innovations." - Steve Jobs 
Congratulations to on being signed to co-host Crossfire. Great move by Jeff Zucker. 
Situated in the heart of downtown Toronto, the 65 story offers an elegant and wonderful lifestyle 
Another example of the destruction caused by wind turbines. Unnecessary waste--horrible! 
How did Snowden, with not even a high school education, get access to top secret U.S. records. He then gave, or sold, those records-traitor! 
Only 40 hours? (just kidding). 
Can you imagine not taking Snowden's passport away before he jetted happily away to foreign lands (where he gave away many U.S. secrets). 
Keep difficulties in perspective. Ask yourself "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" 
Call it any way you like, but Snowden is a traitor. When our country was great do you know what we did to traitors? 
There are huge opportunities for profits if you can think big &amp; create big solutions for the human needs brought by trends. -Think Big 
Have fun! 
Very sad, isn't it! 
Thanks! 
Have fun. 
An answer would not be pretty! 
Our country needs the same fix-up. 
Whether you like it or not, Bush also gave us Obama! 
Remember, but for Conservatives, Bush would have given us not only Roberts but also Harriet Miers. Face it, Bush was terrible! 
Why do we always know how the four liberals are going to rule but have to think about which side the Republican judges will go. 
ObamaCare could "eat up your raise" Why isn't Congress defunding it? They're obsessed with amnesty. 
What a surprise! Newly released audit proves that the IRS only targeted Tea Party groups 
Located in Palm Beach, FL, historic Mar-a-Lago features 20 exquisite acres filled w/ world class amenities 
As hard as it is to believe, sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is leading in some polls for Mayor of NYC. 
Shining over Fifth Avenue, (a NY icon) offers a full service restaurant, bar, cafe, ice cream parlor and Gucci. 
One of the most expensive projects ever in Miami $200M of renovations are right on schedule. When completed, will be elite! 
Real estate! 
Thank you! 
Interesting! 
Great! 
Good luck--work hard! 
The Wharton School of Finance is the best! 
Paula Deen made a big mistake in using a forbidden word but must be given some credit fot admitting her mistake. She will be back! 
The people of Scotland love the golf course I have built-it is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built! Thank you also to Robb Report 
Almost all residents love the course and the great things it has done for the community. Polls have shown 93% approval:-) 
Thank you. 
Miss USA Pageant is MUCH better! 
You can't even spell businessman. I use the B laws like Buffett, Kravis, Icahn, Zell etc. you dope-and learn how to spell. 
They gave up because the shirts, ties and cufflinks are hot sellers 
New and great selection of ties, shirts and cufflinks@Macy's - check them out! 
Thanks. 
Congratulations to our great resident of Chicago Trump Tower, Patrick Kane, for the #StanleyCup win &amp; winning MVP of series. 
"If you have a hard time communicating, one way to overcome it is to turn your focus onto your audience." - Midas Touch 
"Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Be a collector of big ideas. Constantly fill your mind with new information." - Think Big 
Looking forward to my summit visit and speech. 
We need to worry about the American worker first! 
Unions who secure the border oppose the amnesty bill Their expert opinions should at least be listened to. 
Yesterday, 15 senators sided with people who got into this country by breaking our laws. 
Thank you. 
Go for it! 
Thank you! 
That's really nice--good luck! 
There certainly is plenty of evil. 
Thanks. 
Great! 
Much better, enjoy it! 
Our debt is about to top $17T. ObamaCare and China (&amp; others) are killing American business. 
Snowden is showing how weak the U.S. has become. 
We are being embarrassed by Russia and China on Snowden (and much more) yet Obama is talking about global warming on Tuesday. 
Excited and honored to be addressing summit in Iowa this August. 
Overlooking Central Park, brings both glamor and prestige to your Five Diamond hotel stay 
Via Olympic golf course designer named by Trump-Damac 
Via "@IvankaTrump oversees new healthy room-service menu at Trump Hotels" 
Happy Birthday Anthony, 
or Ireland? 
Have fun! 
Thanks, it is a beautiful city. 
Enjoy your stay! 
Great meeting you! 
"Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success." - Henry Ford 
"Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future." 

John F. Kennedy 
Good luck. 
Receiving the trophy for best new golf course in the world- Trump International Golf Links Scotland. 
Thanks. 
Good luck. 
Thanks, I do and will! 
Thanks! 
Due diligence includes increasing your financial IQ daily. 
Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good. 
After one of the great chokes in the history of sports, it will be hard for the Spurs to beat the Heat - but who knows. Good game on now! 
My people caught the person who committed "forgery" of the James Gandolfini-Obama Care phoney quote attributed to me-fraud. Arrest coming? 
.@GovernorPerry stopped by to say hello. 
Re negotiation: Trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason. 
Thanks--it will be great. 
Keep focused on your goals. Practice positive thinking. View any conflict as an opportunity--look at the solution, not the problem. 
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Negotiation includes a lot of fine lines--and that's what makes it an art. 
Our debt is about to reach $17T. Iraq has $20T in oil reserves. Interesting. 
Loser Danny is obsessed with Trump. 
We know who did the hoax of James Gandolfini and ObamaCare. Be careful, Mister. 
James Gandolfini was a remarkable talent. He was also a decent man. We will all miss him. 
Some dope said I deleted a tweet about James G. There was no tweet and there was no delete-a totally fabricated story (nobody saw tweet). 
Who would really believe I would say such a thing about a guy I truly liked, James Gandolfini. Sadly, very sick people use my name. 
I never made the ridiculous comment about James G. and Obama Care - somebody else put it out and attributed it to me. Not my style! 
Thank you. 
I salute all Tea Party Patriots for marching on DC today. Stand strong! 
Great to see back on She's a wonderful woman and commentator. 
So true. 
Thank you! 
Thank you, very nice! 
Amazing comeback by The Heat - your friends at your favorite golf club, Trump National Doral, are proud of you. NOW for game 7! 
Watch the game-really good. 
Great basketball game going on right now! 
Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow - if so, will he become my new best friend? 
The Miami Heat is getting it's ass kicked - they better start playing or it will be a long Summer for them. 
The Miss Universe Pageant will be broadcast live from MOSCOW, RUSSIA on November 9th. A big deal that will bring our countries together! 
I met a Trump Twitter hater last night (well known). As he came near me he nervously said, "Mr. Trump, it is an honor to meet you sir!" Nice 
Keep testing your limits. Never become complacent. Always think big! 
All I can say is that if I were President, Snowden would have already been returned to the U.S. (by their fastest jet) and with an apology! 
Snowden is doing great damage to our relations with other countries and U.S.prestige. China is laughing at us as he continues illegal action 
Snowden is sitting in China and taunting the U.S. He is mocking us as a Country. Great time to place a tax on China trade if not turned over 
Like it or not, haters and losers, everybody is talking about Miss U.S.A. and Miss Utah. By the way she is a fine young woman-unfair to her. 
A country that does not control or respect its own borders is a country destined for failure. Secure our borders! 
My int. on Obama scandals not resonating, no retribution on Benghazi, Obama not being engaged 
Congratulations to &amp; on making list of "10 Journos You Don't Want to Fight on Twitter." 
.@GiulianaRancic &amp; both did a wonderful job hosting Everyone loved &amp; performances! 
A family in Las Vegas just stopped a violent home invasion by shooting one of the perpetrators-the other fled and will be captured. Great! 
We should stay the hell out of Syria, the "rebels" are just as bad as the current regime. WHAT WILL WE GET FOR OUR LIVES AND $ BILLIONS?ZERO 
Happy Father's Day to all, even the haters and losers! 
Come to Miss U.S.A. tomorrow in Las Vegas-will be a great evening! 
Have a good time, enjoy this great city. 
Great! 
Thanks! 
"Work often becomes problem solving. Problems come with the territory, and they should never surprise you." - Think Like a Champion 
For an advance preview of the Miss USA 2013 contestants, as well as other show details, go to 
My interview on Snowden the traitor, national security and China hacking us 
Thanks Anna. 
.@GiulianaRancic &amp; are co-hosting Miss USA 2013 -- Sunday night at 9 PM ET on NBC. will be performing. Tune in! 
Watch Miss USA 2013 Sunday night at 9 PM ET. Live from Planet Hollywood, Las Vegas. 
A friend of mine went to and sent me this beautiful cake which we put in the atrium of 
Still a great time to buy residential property. The courts are holding up foreclosures. Buy directly from the banks. 
Challenges present opportunities. Always keep your focus and stay calm. 
Thanks to everyone for your kind birthday wishes -- very nice! 
You have no chance! 
Hater, Danny is getting his ass kicked like he has all of his life! 
Now tell the truth. 
Just tried watching Modern Family - written by a moron, really boring. Writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child. Sorry Danny! 
.Sam, you are so pathetic! 
Lightweight is too stupid to see that China (and others) is destroying the U.S. economically and our leaders are helpless! SAD. 
Is it a coincidence that the Middle East has blown up since Obama became president? 
"Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul." - General Douglas MacArthur 
I can't resist hitting lightweight verbally when he starts up because he is just.so pathetic and easy (stupid)! 
.@DannyZuker Danny--You're a total loser! 
Looking forward to speaking at Gala Dinner on Friday in D.C. His staff has been great! 
Have fun and thanks. 
If dropped out of the economically unfeasible wind farm development in Aberdeen, who is (cont) 
If Snowden was such a hero then he would be in America. He is escaping justice! 
A round of golf compliments of me: Trump National Golf Club--Los Angeles. 
http://t.co/Gcmv8Tpihp 
Wow, sexual assaults in the military have gone through the roof, far worse than anybody could have predicted! 
Happy birthday Victoria. 
Thanks Matt! 
Thank you. 
Thank you. 
Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Fill your mind with new information, &amp; use this information to spawn new ideas. - Think Big 
"Always pretend that you're working for yourself. You'll do a wonderful job. It's simple, but it works." - Think Like a Billionaire 
Congrats to on winning the Mayor's Award for Lifetime Achievement! I love Barbara! 
With so many scandals plaguing Obama, it seems that they all hit him at the right time. Could help him get away w/ all of them. 
Belated congratulations to on winning the French Open. A great player &amp; person! 
.@TrumpGolfLA, has panoramic Pacific Ocean views, features a 7,242-yard public course designed by Pete Dye 
http://t.co/Gcmv8Tpihp 
Great going to Bob Kraft &amp; Bill Belichick of the on Tim is a winner just like them! 
Thanks and great job! 
Me too, thanks! 
She will run! 
.@DonaldJTrumpJr and I on the 18th hole at Trump International Golf Links Scotland- 
Thank you! 
Thank you. 
Shirts and ties are doing great 
Somerset County, New Jersey SWAT Team- really fantastic people! 
Thanks, just really busy! 
China is openly sailing warships in our waters &amp; arming countries in our hemisphere including Mexico Ally? 
A coincidence that the NSA leaker is living openly in Hong Kong?! At the same time the Chinese Pres. met with Obama in CA. 
.@foxandfriends int. on gov. collecting data, whistle blower hiding in China &amp; no bikinis in Miss World pageant 
Via "Robb Report: Trump Scotland Best Golf Course in the World" 
Lots and yes. 
Canadians: My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of #MightyPlanes on miss it at 8 ET! 
Vote for your favorite contestant --- the 2013 #MissUSA Fan Vote at ! 
Canadians: My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of #MightyPlanes on miss it at 8 ET! 
Newsstand sales for run by sleepy Graydon Carter, are down almost 20%. All he cares about are his bad food restaurants! 
I hope everybody goes to Macy's today to get Donald J. Trump shirts, ties, suits and cufflinks - they are really beautiful at low price 
I'm in Scotland getting ready for a major news conference on the Great Dunes of Scotland announcing the second North Sea course - amazing! 
"Inspiration exists, but it must find you working." -- Pablo Picasso 
Thanks. 
You could never beat me at golf--18 club championships. 
But didn't he bet on his own team--he paid the price. 
We look forward to making the Old Post Office in DC one of the great hotels of the World. 
I feel bad for all employees. Every day at work, they see circulation going down as Graydon runs his bad food restaurants. 
I've done the largest house sale in U.S. history by selling a Palm Beach mansion for $100M, $60M more than I paid. I love real estate. 
Stephanie Cutter Attended WH Meetings With IRS Chief Great investigative work by Jim Hoft 
Remember Trump ties &amp; shirts for Fathers Day--your father will love you even more! 
Dress your best. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available tops all male business attire 
Looking over New York City with luxurious 5 Star hotel rooms, top dining &amp; amenities 
Kern County, CA has secured $1.2B for windfarms They also just secured more eagle deaths &amp; low property values. 
A-Rod has disgraced the blessed organization, lied to the fans &amp; embarrassed NYC. He does not deserve to wear the pinstripes. 
So true! 
Our clubhouse on the North Sea. 
Giving away money and revolutionizing crowdfunding. Follow to see which causes are financed daily 
This just in re: FundAnything and producer Brad Wyman 
Thanks Brandon. 
Wish your mother a happy birthday. 
Thank you! 
Thank you. 
Thanks, very proud of it. 
Totally! 
Pete Rose should now be allowed in The Baseball Hall of Fame. The all-time hits leader has paid the price already! 
George Steinbrenner would have done a major number on A Rod - there is no way he would have gotten paid, even with the help of the union! 
I can't believe the Yankees continue to pay A Rod - they have a perfect right to stop paying (and should have stopped a long time ago). 
The show is a joke in comparison to the original Apprentice, but it does pay me a lot of money. 
Not concerned about them-weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park? Go check your facts. 
Likewise, the primary victims of violent crimes are in the African American and Hispanic communities. These people want LAW AND ORDER now! 
When it comes to violent crime, and if we are going to solve the problem, we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is! 
Sadly, the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanics-a tough subject-must be discussed. 
According to Bill O'Reilly, 80% of all the shootings in New York City are blacks-if you add Hispanics, that figure goes to 98%. 1% white. 
Thanks to for putting on such a great concert fot John was a winner on Celebrity Apprentice and is a fantastic guy. 
My son has just done another great event and raised a lot of money for He is a really good boy who loves helping kids. 
I will be going to Aberdeen, Scotland today to help my team celebrate the great success of Trump International Golf Links-press conference. 
Innocent of what, weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park that night? The City better not settle this case! 
They should have stopped paying him a long time ago. 
Wrong you idiot! 
The two dumbest interviews in history may go down as Lance Armstrong, who is being sued by everyone in the world, &amp; Michael Douglas. 
Congratulations to Jim Herman, my ass't golf pro at Trump Nat'l Golf Club/Bedminster, NJ for qualifying for the U.S. Open! 
Via by Courtney Coren: "Trump: China Gets Iraq Oil; US Gets Nothing" 
Congratulations to my head pro of Trump International Golf Club (Florida) John Nieporte for qualifying for the U.S. Open! 
Happy Birthday! 
26,000 sexual assaults in the military last year-way up from previous years. Armed Forces are in total turmoil! 
The Miami Heat looked great tonight - congratulations from all of your friends at your favorite place in Miami, Trump National Doral. 
Thank you John! 
That is true. 
Oh really, weren't they brutally mugging people all over the Park? - and now they are seeking damages - ridiculous! 
You mean like Buffett, Kravis, Icahn, Paulson and almost all other bigs-I never went Bankrupt dumb ass! 
Thank you. 
Thanks, 57th and Fifth. 
Say hi to your father--enjoy the tie. 
Thank you, very nice. 
Thank you! 
Thanks, great building! 
You always look great on TV, even without a Trump tie! 
FLASHBACK: Donald Trump Answers Boy's Prayer for New Bike via 
.@BreitbartNews continues to do great work in exposing the left wing financing behind amnesty 
"The Chinese are the biggest beneficiary of this post-Saddam oil boom in Iraq" 
"Business is no place for stream of consciousness babbling. Keep it short, fast and direct." - Think Like a Champion 
Via "Donald Trump Eyes 2016" by 
Thanks Paul. 
You don't need me--Mar-a-Lago is the best &amp; most beautiful place to get married. If I'm there I'll stop by. Congrats! 
Congratulations to Aberdeen and Scotland for just having our great golf course named Best New Course In World by The Robb Report. 
Thank you to the Robb Report, The Best of the Best issue, for just naming Trump International Golf Links the Best New Golf Course In World! 
Find something you love doing--you have to have passion for your work. Then work hard and keep focused. Good luck! 
Ms. Goldberg &amp; her blowhard lawyer should be ashamed for having brought this frivolous case. They should pay me damages! 
Good luck! 
The architectural boat tour is great. 
Serious stuff-IRS Commissioner visited White House 157 times, far more than Sec. of State or Defense. What a big story this is! 
Thanks Heather, and you do a great job on FOX! 
The Yankees really have to be embarrassed losing all four games to the Mets - my great friend George Steinbrenner would be going nuts! 
Hi Sara--have a great time! 
Thanks Matt. 
Young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself, no one else will! 
Frack now and frack fast unless we want to continue to be dependent on countries that hate us. 
.@VattenfallGroup will never solve the issues with the Ministry of Defense. Besides, they smartly just left the project. 
China has done great under Obama. Increased private US holdings by 500%. Hacks our military &amp; R&amp;D. Robs us blind daily.#timetogettough 
Via "Trump: Americans 'Desperate for Leadership'" 
My interview re: 2016, the need for leadership in our country, Syria &amp; China hacking our military 
True--I am the king of eradicating debt--it's easy! 
Thank you! 
Dying magazine. 
Thanks. 
Thank you. 
Thanks! 
Thanks. 
Thanks Mallory! 
Which one? 
Thanks. 
Thanks, but I receive from U.K. also. 
Thanks. 
Thanks, but I don't feel like it--work too hard! 
I'll bet you had a great son. 
No. 
Hi Joanna. 
Hi to your sons. Tell them to never give up! 
Military has announced that China has successfully hacked our advanced weapon designs. China is our enemy.Should we offset this on our debt? 
House GOP better get its act together.Defund ObamaCare. Out negotiate on debt ceiling. Form commissions on Benghazi &amp; IRS. No excuses! 
.@TimTebow has tremendous talent and a proven ability to lead. He deserves to be in the 
Obama wants to unilaterally put a no-fly zone in Syria to protect Al Qaeda Islamists Syria is NOT our problem. 
The new amnesty bill is over 1000 pages. It is another monstrosity a la ObamaCare. 
Very cool, thank you. 
Thank you. 
Pretty much! 
Enjoy! 
Thanks Chris! 
Bringing true luxury to the Windy City, soars 92 levels over the Chicago River 
Yes. 
Happy birthday! 
Yes. 
But I know and think he would do really well-tough, smart and a good guy! 
That's what I hear. 
Thanks, people love them (@Macys). 
RT In case you missed it, check out story about &amp; 
Yes you can for country's good. 
U.S.A. is not rich, owes 17 trillion dollars. 
Inflation is here. Record beef prices are hitting consumers pockets Bad for family grills. 
Thanks. 
No, the project sucks! 
Fight hard, they are horrible! 
No, beautiful and really sweet and nice. 
Thanks. 
Yes! 
I commend Roger Ailes for publicly supporting employees against the Obama administration's intimidation of its reporters. 
John Menard of Menards home improvement stores in Midwest treats employees horribly -- should they form a union? 
Additionally, two executives are under major investigation &amp; they are unable to get the many permits necessary. 
We spend billions of dollars helping nations all over the World but with hurricane Sandy and Oklahoma tornado not one nation helped us! 
I like John McCain but we have to start rebuilding the United States instead of countries who hate us and want us to fail - be smart! 
Why is Senator John McCain in Syria visiting with the rebels- MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thanks! 
See, dummy Danny Zuker, who I never heard until this, started something that he couldn't finish-gutless and unwilling to take my bet! 
Nation's infrastructure is collapsing, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
It's freezing outside, where the hell is "global warming"?? 
on your best day you can't come close to beating me, I'll kick your ass every time-take the bet Danny (check with M.F. boss). 
Thanks! 
I never went bankrupt - just like Buffett, Icahn, Kravis and Paulson - as you know! 
Sorry folks, got to go to work now - but "I'll be baaaaack"! 
Just killing time! 
Come on take the bet, show your friends and family (&amp; your bosses on Modern Family) that you're not "chicken shit" 
If competed against me and.won (which not too many people do), he could win millions of $'s for himself or his charity! 
The lawyer I just beat in Chicago was a buffoon but was a lot smarter and sharper than Come on Danny, make the bet! 
is a weak and ineffective guy with a long string of failed shows who got his ass kicked last night.He's afraid to make the wager 
Thank you, I was dealing with a very bad person! 
Thanks, Country is in trouble. 
everyone is saying you are being beaten badly at this game but you can turn things around quickly if you will go for the deal. 
Hope everyone is watching the Finale rerun of Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC-especially the haters and losers! It is on right now. 
No it's making you crazy because you don't have the guts to play the game. Come on Danny, you can do it! 
I hope you pick up a lot of twitter followers by this so people can see what a total asshole you are! 
Danny, you're not having fun, you are getting your ass kicked - afraid to make the deal? 
No , just the opposite, lots of money can go to charity if you have the guts to play the game (deal)! 
Remember, , you are not even the real "boss" of Modern Family - no big $$$$$$'s for you! 
Come on Danny, are u afraid of the DEAL (be careful, I'm really good at deals). 
Bigger means bigger dummy, you really are stupid, aren't you! 
Another racist remark by you, Danny, are you a racist? 
I know you don't like to hear this but the biggest nights of The Apprentice were far "bigger" than the biggest nights of Mod Fam 
Five great golf courses with the new Blue Monster currrently under construction! 
Just got final renderings of Trump National Doral in Miami - there will be nothing like it in the Country, will be the best! 
are you ready for the deal? 
Wrong! 
are you ready for the deal? 
And dumb people like 
I never heard of until his very dumb and endless tweets started pouring out of insecure mind-but I have a great deal for him! 
I was just told by a television pro thay is one of the truly dumbest guys in the business-he's obsessed with T-so many flops! 
It should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification when tweeting - they will no longer be so brave! 
Wrong, totally proved my case but didn't get damages because the libel laws in this Country suck! 
I do, thanks. 
Are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. Afraid to give your real name? You should be. 
You're nuts, go get a job. 
Totally wrong dopey. 
Thanks Jimmy. 
Great investor John Paulson just sought bankruptcy protection for a unit of his hedge fund-very smart-but he didn't go bankrupt you morons! 
The biggest business people have used the bankruptcy laws to their advantage-Warren B, Icahn, Kravis and this week John Paulson-for haters! 
"People do business with those people they like and trust." - Ralph J. Roberts, Founder of Comcast 
Via "Trump wins at trial, calls woman suing him 'horrible human being'" 
http://t.co/PFFu09TqJu 
Thanks Gary, it was great having you on the show, may your foundation spend the money well. 
In your planning, know how much risk you can take. Evaluate whether the returns will be worth the risk. 
"If I'd started in business thinking I knew everything, I'd have been sunk before I got started." - Think Like a Champion 
Looking forward to being guest of honor at Patriot Gala Dinner on June 14th in DC. Flag day and my birthday. 
Memorial Day is a time to honor our nation's finest who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. God bless them all. 
WH counsel met with IRS lawyer 3x in 2012, once in September But Obama just learned through news reports? 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Let's see whether or not Chuck Townsend is smart enough to fire Graydon Carter, who only cares about his bad food restaurants 
Mrs. Goldberg, who filed the Chicago case many years ago, is a vicious and conniving woman--loved beating her. 
Thank you for all of the positive response on my Chicago lawsuit victory yesterday. Most of you saw through the phony age card ploy. 
That sounds great--a bad woman. 
Thank you! (I think) 
True! 
True, they are being decimated. 
Yes, you can't allow people to scam you &amp; rip you off. 
In addition to ripping me off. 
Thanks. 
Read this &amp; you will understand why Vanity Fair is going down the tubes. 
Thanks--and great job, David--what a great evening. 
Thanks Joannah, they are sad and lost people. 
I loved beating these two terrible human beings. I would never recommend that anyone use her lawyer, he is a total loser! 
Jury was unanimous after hearing the made up case against my co. Filed many years ago, she.and her pathetic lawyer should pay me big damages 
The so called 87 year old "lady" was a vicious and skilled investor who was trying to rip me off with made up facts and a blowhard lawyer. 
It's important to remain open to new ideas and new information. Keep your door open every day to something innovative and energizing. 
Take a sneak peek into one of Trump Park Avenue's most exclusive residences on the market- 
I very much appreciate all of the great reviews &amp; comments on my speech in Michigan--the people were great. 
Thanks, I had a great time. 
Pay attention and have fun. 
Happy Birthday! 
True 
Scotland is having a virtual revolt over obsolete wind turbines which are driving up energy costs and killing the bird population (and more) 
Keep figthing, don't let the windfarms destroy your property and life! 
That's because I know him-he's a lowlife! 
They are dummies! 
Sorry, Graydon Carter is a major loser, just ask his wife! 
Not even close dummy, he is strictly small time. 
So true Mike. 
"Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life." - Golda Meir 
Hello Dawn. 
Pervert Anthony Wiener will never be able to get away from his perversion-the cure rate is ZERO. 
.@VanityFair could come back if Graydon Carter paid as much attention as he does to his bad food restaurants. 
If the great Si Newhouse were still running he would fire Graydon Carter immediately- circulation tanking. 
Via "Donald Trump speaks in Novi, drawing largest crowd in Oakland County Republican Party's history"http://t.co/GSzXcz2hqz 
Via "Donald Trump speaks in Novi(Michigan), draws record-breaking crowd" 
"Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you strong" - Think Big 
. is one of the top media outlets in the country. has revolutionized political commentary and reporting. 
Jodi Arias jury is having a hard time with the death penalty-judge just sent them back for further deliberatuon. 
Amazingly is going to run. The cure rate for his problem is 0. Lots of other things will come out. 
Graydon Carter is laughing at the stupidity of Chuck Townsend on his contract renewal--- even he doesn't believe it! 
I can't believe would renew Graydon Carter's contract...... 
...... Circulation is way down and all he thinks about are his bad food restaurants. 
The Lincoln Day Dinner last night in Michigan was fantastic. Record attendance and tremendous enthusiasm- I loved it! 
Thanks Tanja 
One season ends and another starts. Already casting for the next Great news for charity--$13 million so far. 
Shock - Obama WH given three pinocchios for lying about Benghazi emails 
Hi Amy, see you soon. 
Thanks Van--so true. 
See you later. 
Dennis--you were great--thanks! 
Good timing: won big for American Red Cross last night on Now the Red Cross is in Oklahoma doing a great job. 
Because of the tornado tragedy I will not be doing tonight. I wish everyone well! 
Thanks. 
Thank you. 
We may get out of ObamaCare because the train wreck is impossible to implement It is a disaster. 
Everyone should go see Great documentary showcasing legacy. 
.@TraceAdkins- the winner of after last night's victory- 
Thanks Dave. 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Very nice Denise, thank you. 
Ok. Ben--Congratulations on your graduation--and good luck! 
It was my honor, you're a great guy &amp; your mother would be very proud of you. 
.@MELANIATRUMP, &amp; I thank our loyal fans for another great season of 
Thanks! 
Great, enjoy the hotel. 
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. It never ends (hopefully)! 
I love that, in addition to everything else, so much money is raised for such great causes on Celebrity Apprentice-all proud of that! 
Last night's live show was so much fun. Congrats to the entire cast, they are all winners! From beginning over $13 million for charity. 
Obama put up nothing, zilch! 
Ivanka and Joan Rivers will be working hard tonight at the Live Finale - everybody must watch the OPENING at 9. 
How are you - $5.5 million (a bargain). 
The cast for next season looks really good! 
Yes. 
Just left the set of The Apprentice - the live show tonight will be fantastic - and something very big and very different is going to happen 
How badly will the Country be hurt by the three scandals and the very poor implementation and cost of Obama Care? 
Thanks Lee! 
Much more than anybody knows dopey, much more - and it will soon be revealed in detail. 
On that I would beat almost everyone! 
Only in your weak mind! 
Thanks, only the haters disagree! 
I don't, he makes me money! 
Sugar is nowhere near being a billionaire-and I know, he works for me! 
Thanks. 
It's easy, just think of haters as losers with.little imagination and even less understanding of success-and very lazy! 
Tell your friends son - YOU'RE FIRED TUMOR! 
Tell your aunt she is terrific! 
Rather amazing, wasn't it! 
I'm watching Knicks game-I'd bet all of those guys with the terrible tattoos wish they never got them-too bad, too late! 
Why didn't President Obama just go inside when it started raining yesterday - common sense! The two Marines looked very uncomfortable-&amp; wet. 
Who do you like of the final two? #CelebApprentice 
The LIVE FINALE of is this Sunday at 9/8C. Watch and see who will be the first ever All-Star Celebrity Apprentice. 
Enviro friendly? "AP IMPACT: Obama administration allows wind farms to kill eagles, birds despite federal laws" 
People love #CelebApprentice 
The sexual abuse that is so rampant has, according to generals, greatly weakened our military. They have failed to stop it. 
.@NYMag is a piece of garbage but I think it is very nice &amp; charitable that they employ the no-talent illiterate hack 
Congratulations to my friend on 1,000th show consecutively #1 in his time slot! Great going! 
Thanks, very nice. 
Celebrity Apprentice will be LIVE on Sunday at 9 PM (from New York City).Casting has already begun for next season. 
In other words, our military has a very big problem! 
Unfortunately with some men when the poison kicks in (not me of course) there are no rules or guidelines in the military that will stop them 
I was never a fan of Bush 2 FOR MANY REASONS, including the fact that we should never have gone into Iraq but once there, kept the oil! DUMB 
Our very stupidly run Country better stop being so "politically correct" or we won't have a Country to run anymore! 
Many generals and military leaders are now saying "I told you so!" They say this will have big impact on military strength &amp; national sec. 
General says that the Armed Forces will be severely weakened if the large scale rape and sexual abuse problem is not brought under control. 
Army officer who led a sexual abuse prevention unit was just fired after being charged with violently going after his wife.What is going on? 
America's top Army general has warned of a crisis unless sexual abuse in the military is quickly brought undet control.Forces greatly hurt! 
Big Second Amendment believer but background checks to weed out the sicko's are fine. 
But they are the folks I like the best - by far! 
Way less - and you are soooo stupid! 
Looks like we will have a pervert running for mayor after all - just what New York City needs - and he will revert back to form, always do! 
Good to see you also - I will be watching! 
Thanks Andrew! 
.@TrumpGolfLA public golf course features spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views, an elite attraction 
Go for it. 
Happy Birthday! 
ObamaCare is already done. HHS Sec. Sebelius is trying to force private companies to finance implementation 
"To be a big success in any field you need to build momentum. Momentum is all about energy and timing. " - Think BIG 
Do what you love, work hard, keep your focus and your momentum intact. Good luck! 
It helped! 
Not too many around! 
Very true! 
Perhaps so! 
Thanks. 
Thanks Michael. 
Obama &amp; his people did a brilliant job of delaying these scandals until after the election. Mitt must be going wild thinking about it! 
If these scandals happened before the election, Obama could not have won. 
True! 
True and thanks. 
Thanks! 
This is one of the worst made and inaccurate documentaries I have ever seen. Filmmaker Mike Tollin has zero talent.Also-boring 
Thanks Andrew. 
I wonder what the next scandal will be in D.C.? Can we handle yet another? 
The three political disasters could lead to a major and complete political meltdown! 
The "lady" in Chicago that I'm fighting owes me $500, 000 and is sophisticated &amp; vicious. She made up a story &amp; plays the "age card" - bad! 
I totally respect that Angelina Jolie has shown such great bravery in the face of danger - she has really come a long and positive way! 
Really terrible and a sad day for our Country! 
"Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." - 
Winston Churchill 
Not since Watergate have we been going thru a time like this--Benghazi, IRS, wiretapping of 
.@TrumpNationalNY is NY's best golf club. A 5 Star Diamond Award winner w/ an elite golf course &amp; top facilities 
Benghazi. Obama lied. Our people died. 
.@LilJon once again made it to the Final Four. A true talent and great friend to #CelebApprentice Great job! 
.@lisarinna did amazing on #CelebApprentice Raising over $505K for she made it to the Final Four. Congrats Lisa. 
My int. on IRS targeting Tea Party, the Benghazi death scandal &amp; v. finale 
GREAT playing, you are the best! 
Have fun #1. 
I AM PLEASED TO INFORM YOU THAT CELEBRITY APPRENTICE HAS BEEN RENEWED FOR ANOTHER SEASON BY NBC. SEE YOU AT THE NBC UPFRONTS TOMORROW. 
Thanks Sam, and it's doing great! 
You will love Celebrity Apprentice tonight - 9 PM on NBC. Must watch from beginning - two early firings! 
Two people fired very early on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 leading up to next weeks live Finale. Don't get angry at me tonight! 
Thanks! 
Watching on NBC playing great golf. Tiger won The WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral this year. I love Tiger! 
That would be great Philip! 
Thanks Chris - they know the real facts but don't choose to use them-very dishonest! 
Thanks and true! 
Based on your picture I can see why - you look lost and in need of a cheap lifeline. 
Mark Cuban is a bully who is physically very soft and therefore should immediately stop wearing T shirts. No strength! 
can't hold a.candle to Donald.Trump - he is a laughing stock in Great Britain (but his show pays me lots of money, so I'm happy) 
The success of Shark Tank over the years is a total joke compared to the success of The Apprentice, one of the biggest hits in T.V. history. 
But I love insulting people who don't have the goods but think they do! 
The Apprentice, on the other hand, has been a MAJOR television hit, often times finishing #1. Even now, after 13 seasons, it wins its slot! 
is a short ball hitter who had a massive failure on television, The Benefactor. Now he is one of many on a modest ratings show, S T. 
Thanks, no wonder our Country is in such trouble! 
I have not run it for many years, I sold it a long time ago (great deal, great timing). When I owned it, a top place! 
Thanks Patti. 
Sugar can't get himself arrested-but at least he's making me money-keep begging Sugar you dog! 
Your man, little Jon S(?) can't win, he's not smart enough or quick enough! 
Little Jon Stewart(?) Is a pussy, he would be hopeless in a debate with me! 
Stewart (?) wouldn't have even a little chance in a debate with me. He's totally overrated - not fast enough or smart enough! 
Not even close - he is just, as you know, a very bad copy (who I profit from). 
I never endorsed Judd - I'm with Senator Mitch all the way! 
Just left Trump National Doral in Miami - under massive construction - The Blue Monster will be one of the greatest courses ever built! 
Leightweight Sugar virtually begged my reps to have me stop mocking him. Every time this dope goes on Apprentice I make money-too easy 
No investor would be stupid enough to pour their money into the bottomless Vattenfall pit. They totally gave up 
Whether you have someone managing your finances or you're doing it yourself, money, like anything, takes maintenance &amp; planning to grow. 
Very nice, thanks! 
You are 100% correct - thank you! 
Dummy, I'm asking a question - look at the question mark at the end of the sentence! Use your head. 
.@limbaugh is right. Watergate is much different than Benghazi. No one died in Watergate. 
See my picks at at and giving away money!!! #FundAnything 
I watched this AM re: &amp; dating. She looks terrific, better than ever, any guy would be lucky to be with her. 
For all of the morons who have been complaining about my comment on sexual assault &amp; rape in the military, (cont) 
Sadly, firing can be an essential and responsible business decision. It isn't pleasant, but lopping off a branch can save a tree. 
A Warren Buffett corp. is currently ensnared in a bankruptcy. Likewise Icahn, Kravis, Apollo and many others have played the game.Thanks! 
Little Jon Stewart(?) is getting his ass kicked and you and all of his high priced writers know it! Don't panic Jon. 
Mark Cuban can't beat me at anything. He is one of many on Shark Tank and Apprentice has been a much, much bigger show! 
Jodi thought she outsmarted the system - it didn't work! Congratulations to the jury on a job well done! Now, will it be life or death? 
Man, we had a great day today at Trump Tower - lots of money was given to many people who really needed it - good feelings and happiness! 
Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure,it's not your fault 
What do you think about the push to put women into high intensity combat situations? 
I'm giving away money- go to . Take it from me! Proud of the #FundAnything team. 
Scary. Our military is a using a Chinese made satellite for North Africa command communications 
Visit at to see my picks! #FundAnything 
Via "Donald Trump gets into crowdfunding" #FundAnything 
I just gave lots of money away at Trump Tower to people who needed it...they were very happy and appreciative! 
What a great time we just had in the atrium of Tump Tower for The place was happy and packed! 
I gave away money. Go to to see how I'm helping people. #FundAnything #Entrepreneurs 
#GiveBack 
It's go time! See you at Trump Tower. I'm giving money away! #FundAnything 
Thanks. 
People do not assume this but more than anything else, I like helping people. Be at Trump Tower at 11 AM today. 
Residential Capital, a company in which Warren Buffett is involved, went bankrupt - but that doesn't mean that Warren Buffett went bankrupt! 
I'm giving away money! 11AM Trump Tower. Be there or be left behind! 
I would absolutely kill Jon Stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!). 
And Jon Stewart(?) is a very little man hiding behind lot's of high priced writers without which he would be nothing! 
Just watched Jon Stewart(?) jumping up and down and screaming like a madman - nothing funny or smart, just loud and obnoxious, a pushy dope! 
That's cool, I agree! 
Thanks Sonny! 
Thanks Chris! 
Thanks Bob, it is one of the best and will only get better-I will be spending lots of money this Summer! 
Wow, I love stimulating debate and driving certain people crazy-the Generals were forced to do something they didn't want to do (not me). 
Is it even slightly possible that Jodi Arias could be set free-wow, what a miscarriage of justice that would be! 
The jury in the Jodi Arias trial is, believe it or not, still out. You never know but such a long deliberation could be good for the defense 
The Generals and top military brass never wanted a mixer but were forced to do it by very dumb politicians who wanted to be politically C! 
26,000 unreported sexual assults in the military-only 238 convictions. What did these geniuses expect when they put men &amp; women together? 
Everyone join me tomorrow at 11 AM in Trump Tower atrium. 
My int. discussing business difficulties with ObamaCare &amp; how it is stopping businesses from hiring 
Trump renovations are on schedule. With such a massive project underway, I am watching closely. 
My int. on Benghazi cover up, the ObamaCare mess &amp; firing on 
The economy is broken. Entrepreneurship is being suppressed. See what I do Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower atrium. 
Tired of being bullied by the economy? I'm going to help people. Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower 
Keep Wednesday morning free. You will want to see this! 
26,000 sexual assaults or rapes reported in military last year-and that is just the number that is reported (many do not want to report). 
Sexual assault and rape in the Armed Forces is a Massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything about-the big dark secret! 
Head of Air Force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! It just seems that our Country is not what it used to be. 
.@JoseCanseco, who I got to know very well during #CelebApprentice, can't carry jock. 
"Success seems to be connected w/ action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit." - Conrad Hilton 
Benghazi was a massive cover up. 
Via "Donald Trump to speak at Lincoln Day Dinner at The Showplace in Novi" 
The Trump Organization is honored to be expanding our interests into Dubai. The golf course will be the top course in the Middle East. 
.@TheRealMarilu was very impressive and is a great person. The All Star Celebrity viewers loved her. 
Enjoy Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - a really great episode! 
"God never takes away something from your life without replacing it with something better." --Rev. 
When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity." JFK 
Looking forward to being the guest of honor at Patriot's Award Gala Dinner in Washington, DC 
Time magazine should name David Pecker of American Media to be its top guy...but they are not smart enough to do that! 
If Jon Stewart is so above it all &amp; legit, why did he change his name from Jonathan Leibowitz? He should be proud of his heritage! 
It's crunch time. This Sunday's All-Star Celebrity task will separate the winners from the losers. 
Unlike you, stupid, I became a big stock market investor a couple of years ago because the dollar is going to hell &amp; false low int. 
Turn to QVC now to watch Melania - really good stuff! 
Why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent Americans? 
Our trade deficit is still on pace to be over $500B. This is killing our manufacturing sector and sending jobs overseas. 
Trump Int'l Puerto Rico spreads luxury residences, a world class golf resort &amp; beach club across 1,000 acres 
Call today on at 5 PM EST, say hello, and buy buy buy! 
True! 
Thanks. 
Work really hard &amp; think smart! 
Good point! 
With Boston terrorist cell widening in suspects, it's now clear that it was a mistake to read the bomber the Miranda warning so early. 
All-Star Celebrity is down to the five final contestants. Getting fired now is when it really hurts! 
Jodi, if you're listening, MAKE A DEAL! 
Jodi should try but the Govt. should not make a deal - no jury could be dumb enough to let her off (but you never know, look at OJ &amp; others) 
Jodi Arias has stated that she follows me on twitter so I really hate to be saying that she is guilty but sadly, she is as guilty as it gets 
- Jordan is great! 
Why do you follow me creepy stalker? 
When you get bored with others, you'll be back (and don't hurry). 
Stephen, that's right...and someone who is really smart! 
Great idea - did you see their list, a joke! 
Just took a look at Time Magazine-looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! The sad end is coming-just like Newsweek! 
I never knew but thanks for the compliment! 
A totally one sided documentary. Why weren't the police, detectives and prosecutors interviewed? City should not settle this case 
Why did they all sign confessions and how many people did they mugg that night in the Park? What about their criminal records? 
Via 'Celebrity Apprentice' is Number 1 among ABC, CBS &amp; NBC for its Second Hour from 10-11 p.m. 
NBC terminates "The Chris Matthews Show" 
Oil should not cost more than $40 a barrel. Ideally it should be $25. Cheap to produce and we protect the OPEC countries. 
ObamaCare is a disaster. Americans will see record increases in their premiums and inferior care services. 
Fracking poses ZERO health risks In fact, it increases our national security by making us energy independent. 
Upstate New York is suffering with record unemployment. Fracking is the answer. Frack now and Frack fast! 
Via on "Trumps look at building 18-hole golf course on former Kluge estate in rural Virginia" 
See story in The Scotsman re: wind turbines- 
The people of Scotland are really starting to fight the ugly industrial wind turbines. See Press and Journal- 
Wow, I just found out that in a major poll of its readers the voted me #1 on the "power 100" list in NY...... 
....... I disagree, but it's still cool. 
Snow and freezing weather all over mid-section of Country. Global warming specialists better start thinking fast! 
Money is really cheap so this is a great time to buy a house-but be sure to lock in long term financing (without which don't buy). 
Housing prices are up in Feb over last Feb 9.3 per cent -remember, I told everyone two years ago to buy (but they will be going much higher) 
sarcasm dummy! 
is a great guy and a great competitor who is respected by all! 
Once again has competed at a very high level on Celebrity All Star He is a great competitor. 
1/5 households is on food stamps We must do better. Americans need to have a work ethic. 
Just left news conference at with people love 
Congratulations to Michael Jordan on his marriage over the weekend. 
.@Lawrence is the poor man's left wing no ratings)! 
Thanks! 
Night loser! 
Dopey, I've won them all. 
I should have many Emmys for The Apprentice if the process were fair-in any event, it's not my day job. , 
Windfarms destroy everything around them-very sad! 
Happy birthday! 
Great taste! 
Wrong, screen is too small-Samsung size is better. 
I agree, Modern Family sucks! 
Thank you! 
is a very dumb guy who just doesn't know it-his show is a critical and ratings disaster! 
Photo from a recent episode of - saying those two famous words! 
Afghan Leader Karzai has received tens of millions of dollars IN CASH from the U.S. Government- how stupidly is our Country being run? 
By Scotland officials canceling my local ad about how damaging wind turbines are- it became a much bigger story around the world. Great! 
Great photo with and from this week's 
Thanks! 
Thanks! 
Keep dreaming! 
I just sent a check of $20,000 for his charity, Children's Kawasaki Disease . He worked hard and deserves it. 
.@DannyZuker Don't lie, was #1 in all major demos at 10. Do not lie! 
"One hit wonder I notice you are not disputing all of the failures that I said you had. Let's talk about it! 
.@DannyZuker I'm in front of the camera and behind the camera- just looked at your picture, you'll never be in front of the camera! 
.@ApprenticeNBC Season 13, still #1 at 10PM in all key demos despite having to serve as our own lead in from 9-10. 11PM News loves Trump! 
"Failed show season 1 of had 28 million viewers and 41.5 million watching..... 
.... but you only want to talk about 10 years later when I still win 10PM in all key demos.
@DannyZuker 
.@DannyZuker I hear your filmography is "stacked" with failures. 
I have a lot of stock--- and I miss Steve Jobs. Tim Cook must immediately increase the size of the screen... 
Just out- was in first place in all demos during the 10PM hour in the ratings. 
Doing Fox and Friends at 7.00 A.M. Hope you loved Apprentice last night. 
Did you agree with my decision? #CelebApprentice 
Mechanical dog is going to be trending tonight. #MechanicalDog #CelebApprentice 
Great boardroom. #CelebApprentice 
Do you agree with the client's decision? #CelebApprentice 
Great memory #CelebApprentice 
Boardroom time- which team do you think had the best presentation? #CelebApprentice 
What did you think of mechanical dog idea? 
.@TraceAdkins says is a gem. I agree. We all agree. #CelebApprentice 
9?. Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Rivers comes back in a big way tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - she is fantastic. 9 on NBC. 
You are a great looking guy who is really smart - you can do much better than your current girlfriend - she's nothing! 
I remember when the Apprentice became the number one show on T.V. came up to me and thanked me on behalf of NBC (Yankee Stadium) 
Marble mouth asks "why do we think to have a successful eveving you have to have Donald Trump as your guest of honor?" BORING TOM 
Thanks for the tremendous support for my shirts, ties and suits at Macy's. They do great because of really high quality at a low price. 
Not me, I predicted the housing bubble and told people not to buy. I now tell people it is a great time to buy 
The Time Magazine list of the 100 Most Influential People is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will, like Newsweek,soon be dead. Bad list! 
Very cool! 
Police records, signed confessions and more? 
What apology, didn't they go around beating the crap out of people and robbing them? Why did they all confess? Aren't police convinced? 
Dan-You are a great guy with a great family-amazing future! 
be doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 P.M. Greta is a Terrific person who really gets it! (FOX). 
True! 
Thanks, everyone loves it. 
A one-sided piece of garbage--and I won--big success for Scotland! 
Wow! 
Thanks. 
Very true! 
I don't hate him but he made some really bad decisions. 
Much can be done and it would be easy! 
No, they have no guts. 
True! 
Just as I predicted, Iraq is deteriorating into utter chaos The war was a waste. China is taking all the oil. 
Looking forward to addressing 'Road to Majority Conference' on June 13th 
Do as I say, not as I do.The politicians who passed ObamaCare are now exempting themselves from the monstrosity 
House Republicans should be doing everything possible to defund ObamaCare. Instead Leadership is funding it 
I certainly did--in spades. 
So true. 
I will, thanks! 
We need another Bush in office about as much as we need Obama to have a 3rd term. No more Bushes! 
Dangerous. While Obama is cutting down our military, China has announced plans to build more aircraft carriers 
After tearing W Bush down for 12 years, now the media loves him. Why not? He gave them Obama. 
#TBT Do you believe- once upon a time Jon Stewart really liked me? From 2004. 
I never went bankrupt, you dope! 
Maybe Obama? 
#TBT At the US Open Tennis Tournament with see same hairstyle! 
True, but the losers don't know that--thanks. 
That is true! 
No! 
Thanks--the haters &amp; losers know that too. 
..and now holds an adjunct professorship at Columbia University. Boudin also received an academic laurel from NYU Law School... 
Former Weather Underground radical Kathy Boudin spent 22 yrs in prison for armored-car robbery that killed 2 cops &amp; a Brinks guard... 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Wrong on all counts dopey-you forgot to say taller than me! 
You are so stupid! 
That is true. 
Wow, so nice! Thanks, I wish I could have met him. 
Work hard! 
The Council is concerned over the health &amp; safety for the village of Blackdog w/ placement of sub-station. 
The Council was shocked by the exuberance of the demonstration in Blackdog. 
The entire village of Blackdog in Scotland protested to the Council last night about the ugly windmills. 
True and thanks! 
See Trump Tower! 
That's true--they all ask! 
Do executives at know that the business of TV centers on viewers &amp; ratings? is #19 on cable Sad. 
My interview on &amp; my surprising TV career 
Can someone explain to me how a Chechnyan permanent resident non-citizen in our country is planning Jihad while on welfare? 
The Boston killer applying today for ObamaCare. He demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately. Does this include dental? 
I promise you that I'm much smarter than Jonathan Leibowitz - I mean Jon Stewart Who, by the way, is totally overrated. 
The mother of the Boston killers (not suspects) says her boys are totally innocent and were set up-I can see the 14 year long defense now! 
Lance Armstrong just got sued by the Federal Government-they want their money back-I told you so! What was he thinking when he did that int? 
Scotland does not have free press, even when you are just stating the facts-it's crazy! 
Big pollution during manufacturing and building process! 
Great! 
They were viciously attacking other people in the Park-nice guys? 
I have many great people but also an amazing number of haters and losers responding to my tweets-why do these lowlifes follow-nothing to do! 
Thanks! 
The Central Park Five documentary was a one sided piece of garbage that didn't explain the.horrific crimes of these young men while in park 
Victim never died so they would not have been given death penalty-but did you see what these "innocent" boys were doing? 
Perhaps, but the Country is in really big trouble! I do love real estate though (and am seriously good at it). 
They devalue everything, stupid! 
like ugly, bird killing wind turbines! 
The Chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours! 
Wrong, used to be called global warming and when that name didn't work, they deftly changed it to climate change-because it's freezing! 
Wind turbines will quadruple your electric bills and destroy the value of your home. Lot's of chicken soup however-bird kill. 
No, the Chinese will make them! 
It was great to have veterans George Ross and back in the boardroom. #CelebApprentice 
Will be fully clothed in his mayoral ads? 
Sexting Pervert has returned to twitter. Parents of all underage girls should BLOCK him immediately! 
Did the Boston terrorists register their guns? No. Another example of why gun control legislation is not the answer! 
Yes! 
Macy's ships to Canada! Just go to: 
Next time you are waiting in an emergency room remember the Boston killer was rushed to intensive care within minutes of capture. 
Our enemy China is illegally buying oil from our enemy Iran China loves it! 
Will Barack Obama personally read the Boston terrorist his Miranda Rights? 
Happy Birthday Mark. 
.@THEGaryBusey survives another week of All Star Celebrity Gary is shifty and playing to win. 
In light of Boston, immigration legislation will be much harder to get. 
Sorry to hear was dead last, in the gutter, in their Boston bombing coverage 
Great wife! 
Great! 
.@BrandenRoderick did a great job on All Star Celebrity Raised a lot of money for charity while looking great. 
RT Trump: 'Is the Boston Killer Eligible for Obama Care to Bring Him Back to Health?' 
.@foxandfriends int. on how the Boston thug deserves death penalty, great work &amp; firing Brande Roderick 
Thank you. 
Los Angeles or Scotland! 
Spent the weekend in LA checking out Trump National Golf Club on the Pacific Ocean. An amazing place! 
Savannah, work hard in school! 
Me, by a lot! 
Will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. (in 20 minutes). 
Yes we can oh foolish one, terrorists should not have the right to remain silent! 
My ties and shirts are doing very big numbers beyond my wildest thoughts! Thanks and the rest of the losers for mentions! 
What did you think of the boardroom? #CelebApprentice 
George also appeared on Saturday Night Live when I was guest host in 2004. A great time! #CelebApprentice 
Looking forward to book of "Buseyisms"! 
Romance or Adventure- what do you prefer? #CelebApprentice 
For you newcomers, George Ross was one of my first advisors on the original Apprentice. #CelebApprentice 
This assignment has been a challenge to both teams. #CelebApprentice 
This assignment has stretched not just the imaginations but the patience quotas of and #CelebApprentice 
How stressed are and already? #CelebApprentice 
I hope you are watching the Apprentice...tonight's show is great and Brett Michaels is back! 
.@bretmichaels and George Ross are back as advisors. Good to see them! #CelebApprentice 
Seems like the teams are surprised when comes back. #CelebApprentice 
What do you think of water boarding the Boston killer sometime prior to allowing our doctors to make him well? I suspect he may talk! 
Make the Boston killer talk before our doctors make him better. Once he is well he will say, "speak to my lawyers." 
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9pm...you will love it! 
I don't know how Al Michaels could have been drunk and arrested on Friday night if he was totally sharp on Saturday morning. 
Great sportscaster Al Michaels, a friend of mine, played golf with me on Saturday morning at Trump National, LA. He was in perfect shape! 
If the Boston killer applies for Obama Care the paperwork will be too complicated for him to understand! 
NO MERCY TO TERRORISTS you dumb bastards! 
Can you imagine the Boston killer being lovingly tended to in a hospital room right next to his victims who lost their arms, legs and worse! 
Bullshit-Pop gave me knowledge and a relatively small amount of money (split between brothers and sisters) and I built it into over 9 bill. 
Tell me, what were they doing in the Park, playing checkers? 
Watch Gary B tonight on Celebrity Apprentice-some really crazy things happen! 
Getting back to the nicer and more normal parts of life, Celebrity Apprentice is great tonight on NBC at 9. It will be a full two hour show! 
Great! 
You are right, the media is always offending Donald Trump-they have no limits-but they will do anything not to offend the Boston killer! 
I know some of you may think l'm tough and harsh but actually I'm a very compassionate person (with a very high IQ) with strong common sense 
Didn't the Boston killer even run over his own brother with a car in order to get away? We are not dealing with an innocent baby here-DEATH 
When the stupid people start feeling sorry for the Boston killer and want to release him and give him medals, remember the killings-maimings 
I hate when the news media, so afraid to offend anyone, always refers to the BOSTON KILLER as "the suspect". 
The shirts and ties at Macy's are so good-beautiful and do so well that guys like the one that sued me wrongly want a piece-l kicked his ass 
I just won a big Court decision (N.Y. Post) against some character who claimed I owed him licensing fees on success of my shirts and ties. 
Oh no, they are worried that they didn't read the Boston killer his rights and he may have a good legal argument. 12 year case to finish? t 
Great going! 
Sorry, the best and most beautiful ties and shirts made anywhere and at a really reasonable cost. Also, fragrance is amazing. GO TO MACY'S. 
That's great! 
Thanks! 
Great job by the FBI, Boston Police and all others involved-start the trial tonight! 
Is the Boston killer eligible for Obama Care to bring him back to health? 
Read my tweets you dopes-of course he should get a trial-but fast (not a 12 year disaster). 
You must be kidding-zero chance he is innocent! 
Get ALL the info, then quick trial, then death penalty for the Boston killer of innocent children and people! Do not be kind. 
.@CNN should stop apologizing for the mistake they made the other day &amp; get back to reporting! 
David Pecker would be a brilliant choice as CEO of TIME Magazine -- nobody could bring it back like David! 
You've got it mixed up. Chechnya is not the Czech Republic. 
The police &amp; others are doing an amazing job. How genius was it putting together that tape? 
These Tsarnaev brothers did not work alone. They had help and assistance from other cell members. Be vigilant and on the lookout. 
Another great shot from the beginning of construction at 
With and crew at the start of a new 
Pervert alert! Sexter Anthony Weiner will be running for Mayor of New York City. 
#TBT With almost 35 years ago- 
Great, thanks. 
Hi Dan and good luck! 
We need someone! 
Great! 
Amazing! Watch fans take over National Anthem during pregame ceremonies 
The reality is that no gun bill will ever stop tragedies. And as we have learned from ObamaCare, Washington only makes things worse! 
Thank you. 
Interesting and true. 
Everyone loves here she is with and me. 
Thinking small when you could think big limits you in all aspects of your life. 
W/ spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views, is the top luxury public golf course in the country 
Druggie A-Rod, biggest fraud, is lucky George Steinbrenner is no longer with us. would have voided his contract. 
Great! 
Thanks. 
Business is easy. Dealing with people is hard. If you are an entrepreneur, your most important job is to choose who works with you. 
Our gov't is so pathetic that some of the billions being wasted in Afghanistan are ending up with terrorists 
Thanks. 
Great to see win big yesterday. Good for Boston and the country. Yesterday we were all fans. 
Well, I would make America great again. 
Flattery! 
Thanks. 
Wrong--he started it, I finished it! 
Thank you. 
Thanks. 
Our country needs a negotiator--we are failing fast! 
Thanks. 
I discuss yesterday's tragedy at the Boston Marathon in today's video blog. 
With earlier today at press conference in 
Thank you. 
Thanks. 
Thank you. 
I sure hope the sexting pervert Anthony Weiner runs for mayor. Will be great fun watching him both lose and be humiliated. 
.@alexsalmond RT I live in Aberdeenshire &amp; I'm with you, you have made a big difference to that bit (cont) 
.@alexsalmond RT This time I agree 100% I never knew how useless a wind turbine was until I (cont) 
.@alexsalmond RT 
You'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. Good Luck. 
Yes. 
The world economy is under deep stress with growth slowing everywhere. Yet crude is over $87/barrel. Should be $25 at the most. 
Congratulations to &amp; all emergency first responders &amp; doctors for their excellent work under fire yesterday 
Throwing out the first pitch a few years ago at Fenway in Boston- Boston will be better than ever. 
I know Adam--he's a great player &amp; great guy! 
Very nice--thanks. 
.@TheRealMarilu 
will be happy--she's also a great person. 
Macy's will be happy--and so am I. 
You will love it! 
Thanks. 
I was not thrilled but left them in because the show is real. 
.@hardball_chris Did you forget about Bill Ayers &amp; so many others? You should apologize to all the people you offended yesterday. 
We must change the laws of our land and seek fair but rapid trials for the perpetrators of terrorist acts (Boston) with harsh punishment! 
My heart goes out to the people of Boston on this terrible day! 
RT The Trump Hotel Waikiki looks like a lovely resort #Hawaii 
.@TheRealMarilu is impressing the All Star Celebrity viewers with her continued success on Team Power. 
Despite firing in last night's All Star Celebrity Stephen had strong overall performance this season 
In case you missed it, my interview on Obama's IRA rate cut hurting savings &amp; economic growth 
My interview re: pregnancy, my grandchildren, Obama's 18% tax rate &amp; Obamacare 
From 10-11 pm, ranks #1 in 18-49 among ABC,CBS, and NBC. #CelebApprentice 
.@DonaldJTrumpJr and with -- Great shot! 
Will be doing Fox and Friends in two minutes! 
Do you think I made the right decision? #CelebApprentice 
Who do you think is going home? #CelebApprentice 
The home of the boardroom- #CelebApprentice 
Product integration is very important. #CelebApprentice 
Great shots of #CelebApprentice 
Do you know how many years starred on Taxi? #CelebApprentice 
What is your favorite film? Tonight's short film? Point Break? Lethal Weapon? #CelebApprentice 
It's boardroom time! Does anyone miss #CelebApprentice 
.@PennJillette and arguments are making the edit room look like the boardroom. #CelebApprentice 
Based on the shoots- which silent film do you think will be better? #CelebApprentice 
What would you choose- Vampires or Cavemen? #CelebApprentice 
.@THEGaryBusey as Project Manager... is Team Power in trouble?? #CelebApprentice 
A lot of comments re vs. Milania last week. I think spelling has taken on a new significance. #CelebApprentice 
Get ready to turn to NBC for CELEBRITY APPRENTICE -- TONIGHT'S SHOW IS GREAT! 
- I am really proud of you Adam - I'll see you soon at Trump National Doral! 
Great job - you deserve it! 
Make sure to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC. A GREAT SHOW, JUST LIKE THE MASTERS. 9 
is a great guy and player! 
Good luck! 
Remember, save your evening to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - increased to a full two hours - great episode - watch Gary B. 
South Korea must in some form pay for our help-the U.S. must stop being stupid! 
China will extract much from Secretary Kerry and the U:S. in order for them to help us with the North Korea problem-don't let this happen! 
Did A Rod really try to buy the papers that would implicate him re. drugs - wow, that would be the end, a disaster! 
Also true! 
Remember, NBC increased Celebrity Apprentice to 2 hours starting this Sunday night at 9 P.M. through end of season-great news for App lovers 
Bad break for a great shot which hits the pin and kicks into the water-gets a bogey on hole with another great shot-Champ! 
What a shame that Kobe Bryant was so badly injured last night - a truly great champion who brought the Lakers back from oblivion this year! 
Ridiculous that they gave the 14 year old golfer from China a one stroke penalty for slow play at The Masters(see, I can stick up for China) 
I am on David Letterman tonight. 
China will only rule if we let them--or are stupid. 
I only speak the truth. 
Our country should be worried about nuclear control far more than gun control--&amp; that one's not even close! 
I talk about Obamacare in today's #TrumpVlog- 
Thanks. 
Turbines will kill more birds than hunters. 
True! 
Thanks, very nice. 
Turbines destroy environments and people. 
True. 
Remember to take time this weekend to relax and regroup. It will pay major dividends for the next week. 
My performance from last week on David Letterman will be re-aired tonight at 11:35 PM on CBS. 
Where is the President? It is time for him to come on TV and show strength against the repeated threats from North Korea -- and others. 
China controls North Korea. So now besides cyber hacking us all day, they are using the Norks to taunt us. China is a major threat. 
.@alexsalmond RT - one would think the photo &amp; caption - says it all.... 
.@alexsalmond RT Driving through Indiana and seeing tons of ugly windmills. Now I know what is talking about 
.@nbc has increased to 2 hours until the end of the season--full 2 hour episodes starting at 9 PM EST 
Via "Trump empire planning to build a presence in Sydney" 
Don't talk to me about Bush, I was never a defender or a fan! 
I can't believe we are not asking South Korea for anything. They make a fortune on us while we spend a fortune defending them-how stupid! 
Thank you. 
Thanks. 
I hope so! 
Probably Mark. 
Mr. President, it is time to lead on the Korean crisis. Make a statement from the Rose Garden and send a strong message to the man child! 
#TBT and I 20 years ago- 
The time has come. THEGaryBusey will be project mgr on this Sunday's All-Star Celebrity MUST SEE TV!!! Back to 2 hrs. 
I really liked everyone at the Hall of Fame ceremony--fantastic people! 
Congratulations to on winning their first Atlantic Division title since 1994. is a great New Yorker and Knick! 
Congratulations to and Jared on the big news. I will have yet another grandchild this fall! 
Opportunities only present themselves if you are out there looking for them. Be aggressive and seize them when they come. 
.@alexsalmond RT Margaret Thatcher NEVER would have allowed those wind mill monstrosities. 
Wonderful news, thanks. 
True! 
Thanks. 
True! 
I will be there soon! 
Not much, it's too easy! 
I feel so badly for Mark Cuban-the Dallas Mavericks were just eliminated from the playoffs and his partners are pissed. Very sad! 
Great! 
Great! 
Thanks and say hi to your son! 
Thanks! 
Sexual pervert Anthony Weiner has zero business holding public office. 
The $200M renovations at Trump are right on target. When completed, the course will be as good as it gets. 
I discuss South Korea in today's all new #TrumpVlog - 
Thank you! 
Thanks--and good luck. 
Thanks! 
Thanks! 
My interview w/ discussing her debut on &amp; her skin care line 
I hope everyone (especially the haters and losers) goes to Macy's today and buys some DJT ties, shirts and suits-and SUCCESS Fragrance-love! 
Sorry losers and haters, but I LOVED the great energy in Madison Square Garden during my speech. The WWE thought it was incredible - it was! 
Why did Vince and the WWE give my speech and segment the most time last night on USA Network - because that's what people want to see! 
Thanks! 






With fellow inductees in front of the sold out crowd at MSG. #WWEHOF 
Class of 2013. #WWEHOF 
Talking with backstage- #WWEHOF 
What a great group! With and #WWEHOF 
Fellow inductee and me. #WWEHOF 
Here I am with #WWEHOF 
Watching get inducted from the sold out crowd. #WWEHOF. 
Family group shot. #WWEHOF 
Another one of me on stage. #WWEHOF 
Making my speech. #WWEHOF 
Vince McMahon shows the crowd one of the greatest moments in WWE History. #WWEHOF 
Always nice to see the terrific at the #WWEHOF. 
Watching the show. #WWEHOF 
.@JerryLawler was terrific. #WWEHOF 
Yea, NBC has increased all remaining Celebrity Apprentice episodes to two hours starting at 9 P.M. on Sunday! Amazing show. 
In today's all new #TrumpVlog I discuss what a great honor it was to be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame. 
It was great seeing at the #WWEHOF. 
Thanks Eddie I really appreciate your nice words! 
Thanks! 
Follow me on Instagram- 
I just left in Charlottesville,Virginia --- it is the finest in the country--- really incredible! 
Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt, know you can deal with it. Fear is the opposite of faith. 
Think positively. There are always opportunities. Keep your focus and don't give up! 
Margaret Thatcher was the Iron Lady of the West. She promoted freedom &amp; democracy---a great leader &amp; ally of America. 
My interview re: the dismal job report, getting ripped off by South Korea, 2016 election &amp; #WWEHOF 
Thanks is an amazing guy. 
.@foxandfriends interview re: North Korea, firing job report, debut &amp; 
.@MELANIATRUMP just finished being on any standard, she was great! 
Have a happy one! 
.@melaniatrump will be on today at 11am ET discussing #celebapprentice &amp; her skin care collection. Tune in! 
The boardroom and I'm watching great entertainment tonight! #CelebApprentice 
What do you think so far? #CelebApprentice 
It appears that is entranced with and rightly so! #CelebApprentice 
The #CelebApprentice post Will it ever be the same? 
Dennis Rodman is a project manager tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - watch Dennis in full action! 
is great tonight and stars the legendary beauty who reveals her great skin care collection. 
: When we have people eating out of trash cans in this country, we have no business helping any other country" 
Starting next week, and by popular demand (plus good ratings) NBC will broadcast only two hour episodes of Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M. 
Celebrity Apprentice is rebroadcasting last weeks episode at 9 P.M. WITH A GREAT NEW EPISODE FEATURING TRUMP AT 10 P.M. - AMAZING! 
My induction last night at Madison Square Garden into the WWE Hall of Fame was amazing-I met some great people, including Bruno. 
True, America is rapidly losing it's SPIRIT, and when that's gone, we will only be going in one direction - and that direction is down! 
China is pushing North Korea! 
When is South Korea going to start paying us for the massive amounts of money we are spending to protect them from the North? 
Our President must be very careful with the 28 year old wack job in North Korea. At some point we may have to get very tough-blatant threats 
Lili will call you - thanks and good luck! 
I'm getting ready to be inducted tonight into the WWE Hall of Fame at Madison Square Garden - a great honor for me and the Trump family! 
Great going Ricardo! 
I am doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren at 10 P.M. on Fox. We will be talking about the bad economy and other subjects of interest! 
Spent full day with contractors at Trump National Doral - it will be amazing! 
Original schedule but going back to two hours. 
Starting next week the show increases to 2 hours. 
Either is great. 
Wow! 
Thank you. 
Great, good luck. 
Thanks Mark. 
I will be On The Record with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 PM on Fox News. 
Thanks Basil. 
Okay--hi Maria! 
Four. 
Thanks Traci. Hi to your son. 
Sunday night at 9 PM EST will be re-run of last week's episode of Celebrity followed by new episode at 10 PM. 
RT Check out my May Redbook magazine cover. Very exciting! #Redbook 
...Who says the death penalty is not a deterrent? 
James Holmes, the Aurora, Colorado guy who killed 12 people &amp; injured 58 others, is fighting hard to avoid the death penalty... 
Jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst projections.A bad day on Wall Street! 
Word is spreading that I got a tattoo - no way, I am not a fan! 
North Korea can't survive, or even eat, without the help of China. China could solve this problem with one phone call-they love taunting us! 
I have gotten to know many Spanish speaking people as the owner of Trump National Doral in Miami. They are smart, hard working and great 
Your work will never be in vain if you work for a cause that is greater than yourself. 
Looking forward to inducting me into Hall of Fame this Saturday in #WWEHOF #WrestleMania 
Remember, Celebrity Apprentice tonight on CNBC at 9. Amazing episode - watch Omarosa get the boot! 
Re: Negotiation: View any conflict as an opportunity. Be a diplomat as much as possible. 
Look for good ideas outside of your own areas of expertise. Find innovations, approaches, and practices that you could adapt in your field. 
Now AP is banning the term "illegal immigrants" What should we call them? 'Americans'?! This country's political press is amazing! 
Obama just bought the Afghan Police $288M in ammo Make no mistake, some of these will be shot at our troops. 
RT My two favorite billionaires! 
We should look to China where big time pollution takes place as they manufacture inefficient and costly wind turbines for Scotland! 
The haters and losers that assume I was a non-athlete and know nothing about coaches should look into my past-unlike our President-open book 
I played football and baseball, sorry, but said to be the best bball player in N.Y. State-ask coach Ted Dobias-said best he ever coached. 
The basketball coach at Rutgers looks bad but I had a coach who made him look like a baby - coaches can be tough! 
Celebrity Apprentice on tonight - CNBC at 9 
Another freezing day in the Spring - what is going on with "global warming"? Good move changing the name to "climate change" - sad! 
sucks - very bland and boring with no future or hope - just like (and many others). 
"Free enterprise is essentially a formula not just for wealth creation, but for life satisfaction." - Arthur C. Brooks 
I ask again, how much is very wealthy South Korea paying the United States for protecting it against North Korea? 
In this time of economic turmoil where millions of Americans are unemployed, our tax dollars are paying big salary! 
.@BillMoyers is a liberal hack whose career is being laid to rest Here Moyers coddles 
Via "Trump Releases Renderings For Old Post Office Building" 
I look forward to Saturday night and being inducted into the Hall of Fame. 
The Yuan hit another record high against the Dollar. China is laughing at our expense. 
China has control over North Korea! 
With the impending crisis in Korea, is it a big confidence builder that Chuck Hagel is Sec. of Defense? Elections have consequences. 
With Dr. Dror Paley &amp; Dr. Ben Carson with two wonderful children at Mar-a-Lago. 
Be passionate. If you love what you're doing, success will follow. 
In the 10:30 PM ET lead-in to local news, delivered a 31 percent margin of victory... 
... among ABC, CBS and NBC in the key news demo of adults.... 
..."Apprentice" was #1 among ABC, CBS and NBC from 10:30-11 p.m. in all key demos (adults, men and women 18-34, 18-49 and 25-54)- Nielsen. 
Are you expanding your business? Interview returning soldiers. Give them strong consideration. Their sacrifices deserve it. 
The only place where our "border" is protected is from Europeans. We educate them in our finest institutions &amp; then have them deported. 
Today The Blue Monster is torn up. The Trump National is being revolutionized with $200M of renovations. 
Hi. 
Via "Trump warns GOP moving too fast on immigration reform" by 
My interview on risk for on immigration, wasting money in Middle East &amp; firing 
In standing by I was also representing many people who have addiction problems &amp; are working hard to come back. 
Good luck. 
Will be doing Fox and Friends in 10 minutes at 7.05 - enjoy! 
Adrian was recognized on a Disney cruise and has had many photo requests in We have a new celebrity! #CelebApprentice 
Great boardroom! What did you think? #CelebApprentice 
What do you think is writing? #CelebApprentice 
Piers truly hates Omarosa! 
Now he has made his Busey-ism into a song. #CelebApprentice 
.@piersmorgan is back! Did I see wince? #CelebApprentice 
.@TrumpNewYork on CPW in NYC is the home of the globe that has become an icon in the city. #CelebApprentice 
Are people really afraid of Would you be? #CelebApprentice 
What will happen to Omarosa tonight? One of our all time great episodes! 
I hope everyone, or rather almost everyone, had a GREAT EASTER! We need our leaders to make great and wise decisions in these troubled times 
So, what will happen to the Big O on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. Remember, I only fire people when it is deserved, not for other reasons! 
BIG NIGHT on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. IMPORTANT, starts at 10 P.M. as scheduled but NBC just increased all future episodes to 2 hours! 
Have a GREAT EASTER, I love you all! 
No, I'm saying that the World is paying the price for China's pollution while they make a fortune with their dirty factories! Very sad. 
Major article in New York Times today discusses the cost of environmental damage in China and how it is RAPIDLY GROWNG! Rest of World pays. 
China is the biggest environmental polluter in the World, by far. They do nothing to clean up their factories and laugh at our stupidity! 
We have tremendous economic power over China if our leaders knew how to use it, which they don't! China's economy would collapse without us. 
What do we get from our economic competitor South Korea for the tremendous cost of protecting them from North Korea? - NOTHING! 
North Korea is reliant on China. China could solve this problem easily if they wanted to but they have no respect for our leaders. 
Not recent, long term support for the autism community. 
Thank you GLN! 
Current really sad, not only boring but highly inaccurate. Use better paper product - looks like a death march (which it is!). 
Have a great Good Friday and a Happy Easter. 
Find out who and what is the best in your field. Identify the trendsetters, leaders and authorities. Learn the standards they follow. 
Achievers go for the challenge, so the next deal is what they're thinking about. They have an obligation to best themselves. 
Wisdom comes as a result of both experience and knowledge. It's something you can't teach someone else--you have to achieve it on your own. 
Everybody should contribute &amp; fight in the long haul battle against autism. 
Take the time to be thorough in whatever you undertake. Remain open to new ideas. Remain fluid, not fixed, in your expectations. 
Please help with their petition to the White House for a national strategy for the autism epidemic 
We blow up the famous Blue Monster at Trump National Doral on.Monday in order to build a spectacular new, bigger, and better Blue Monster! 
- New York Magazine sucks - lifeless and dead - one of the most boring out there. Get it now, it won't last long! 
Thanks for all the nice comments about the last night. I enjoyed it and David enjoyed the ratings.
 
Adam Moss, editor in chief of is quickly losing his reputation in that has become so boring and so irrelevant. 
Employees of should have their resumes updated. It is very boring &amp; will die in the near future. How much are they losing now? 
Terrible economic numbers released today. US GDP only grew 0.4% during Oct-Dec 2012 quarter Great news for China. 
Thanks Anthony. 
True and thanks. 
My father, Fred C. Trump. 
I will. 
"Once you consent to some concession, you can never cancel it and put things back the way they are." - Howard Hughes 
Rambling and stumbling is as dumb as a rock! 
Trump Signature mattress is from Serta - the best there is! Thanks 
Going on Letterman now - let me know what you think - how did I do? Here we go! 
Thanks! 

.@alexsalmond RT just sitting here looking out over Aberdeen bay. These clowns cannot be allowed... 
... to build a wind farm and destroy this view! 
.@alexsalmond RT im proud to be scottish, but bonnie scotland will soon be a thing of the past w/ these windmills 
.@alexsalmond RT Ask our Canadian neighbors who abhor the windfarms. And poor Scotland 
Blackdog folks are very smart--their home values &amp; lives will be destroyed. 
I hope so! 
Fantastic food--thanks. 
Thanks--@HowardStern is great! 
Hope I do well! 
Great! Thanks. 
Aberdeenshire coast is spectacular. Its historic value &amp; wildlife will be tarnished if these wind turbines are built--but they won't be! 
Less than two weeks until XXIX. v. willbe epic! Excited to be inducted into the Hall of Fame. 
Yes--and thanks. 
Thanks Bobby. 
Thanks--and good luck! 
Thank you. 
Kate--All my best wishes to you. 
Interesting and often true! 
.@pennjillette is an extraordinary entertainer &amp; magician whose star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is long overdue. Very proud of him. 
Congrats to fantastic All-Star celebrity &amp; illusionist on being honored at 2013 Hollywood Walk of Fame! 
Via "Oakland County High Schoolers Have Chance to Win $1,000 Scholarship &amp; Meet Donald Trump" 
Last night's 's interview by of gorgeous 2012 Great job! 
In case you missed it, last week's interview with discussing Tiger Woods &amp; much more 
The developer of the Scottish wind monstrosities, Vattenfall, just laid off 2,500 people &amp; has serious financial difficulties. 
General Petraeus should stop apologising and get on with his life. He is a good man and should have a great future. 
The new selection of ties, shirts and suits at Macy's is amazing - also available in Trump Tower lobby. 
I'm doing The David Letterman Show tonight -should be interesting! 
Great - call me, we'll get you on! 
Great piece on Extra tonight re. Celebrity Apprentice! 
Sometimes we do things to build up experience and stamina to prepare, but it's to prepare us for something bigger. 
Many people look at successful people &amp; don't see anything but the end result. They don't see all the work that went into getting there. 
When somebody challenges you, fight back -- be tough! 
When someone can discourage you, you probably aren't determined enough. Be resolute. That's what it takes to get things done. 
Via "Trump joins with Chandler in bid to attract events" 
This is from someone who knows they are a disaster. 
"Donald Trump shocked by 'stupid decision' about on '@ApprenticeNBC'" 
...and now Alex Salmond pushes ugly turbines! 
The Scottish windfarm was conceived by the same mind that released terrorist al-Megrahi for humanitarian reasons. .. 
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles. 
Great--good luck. 
Thank you! 
The radar, defense, shipping and civil aviation problems will stop the ugly windfarm. #EOWDC 
The windfarm approval in Scotland is subject to many conditions that can never be met - will be tied up in courts for years! #EOWDC 
.@TigerWoods has made a truly great comeback - he is number one again! Give him credit, comebacks are tough to do. Way to go Tiger. 
For all of my many Jewish friends, Happy Passover. 
Good Morning America weather headline for U.S. - "NEVER ENDING COLD" 
Very good Joel! 
...Re: China--I told you that a long time ago. 
Obama has now become the weakest POTUS against China, yuan just hit record high against dollar Very sad! 
I hope everyone enjoyed Palm Sunday! 
Thank you. 
Thanks, I appreciate it. 
Thanks Chuck. 
Even the liberal CRS is now reporting Obama Care will cause 200% premium increases Surprised? 
You may be right! 
Watch next week! 
2 decades in the conservative movement and look where the conservatives are now--you're fired! 
Very nice, thanks. 
Thank you Nadine! 
She is a fabulous woman! 
Thanks Jennifer. 
Via "Trump at CPAC: What Really Happened " 
What did you think of my decision? #CelebApprentice 
Adrian also gives autographs if you stop by the lobby of #CelebApprentice 
People ask about She is actually a VP of Marketing at the Trump Organization. #CelebApprentice 
Who are your favorites on Team Power? Team Plan B? #CelebApprentice 
What team would you choose to win? #CelebApprentice 
.@DennisRodman is always hard to miss-especially when dressed in silver finery. But not sure about the silver lipstick. #CelebApprentice 
They should have got Darrell Hammond as the Donald Trump impersonator. #CelebApprentice 
With on top of the truck the crowd definitely buzzed. #CelebApprentice 
.@StephenBaldwin7 thinks is ping-ponging all over the place. Do you agree? #CelebApprentice 
Always good to have back as advisor as well as They have their own fan clubs at this point. #CelebApprentice 
I will be tweeting live tonight during Celebrity Apprentice - 9 o'clock on NBC! 
Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - some amazing things happen! 
Thanks Brian! 
Thank you - a great compliment! 
True Michael! 
Thanks Phil! 
Wow - they are really killing Jay Leno - let him go out with dignity! 
Don't blindly pursue a career that others suggest or insist is right for you. It may be worth taking a pay cut for a job you love. 
Via "Donald Trump to Speak in Novi This May" 
Looks like the U.S. will be having the coldest March since 1996-global warming anyone????????? 
"Trump organisation backs community battle against substation" via 
.@TrumpGolfLA is ranked the top course in the West If you're in the area, book a round today. 
Watching the madness in Cyprus? If our government keeps spending trillion dollar deficits, that could happen here. 
This Sunday's All-Star features some of the biggest fireworks of the entire season. Get ready. 
.@Mediaite:"Donald Trump Trashes On Twitter:You're A 'Dummy' &amp; 'Were Born Stupid'" 
RT Personally I think it is awesome that listens to on the radio. She's awesome. 
True. 
Thanks Jim! 
Thank you. 
Thank you. 
Very nice Chris--thanks! 
Do not give up, keep moving forward. 
You were born stupid! 
Pay attention, study more than what is required, keep your focus on the big picture. And good luck. 
Life always presents new opportunities you would never expect. I hosted &amp; then I starred in one, which sold most PPVs. 
Make no mistake, Obamacare is the first step towards changing our health system into single payer. Just a disaster. 
Via Via "Donald Trump makes plans for Menie Estate marquee" 
Remember the golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules. 
Great going! 
Celebrity Apprentice on in 5 minutes on CNBC - it's great! 
Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC tonight at 9. 
The will be broadcast tonight on at 9 PM. 
Haters, stop saying I went bankrupt, it is not so. I never went bankrupt... 
... but like many other great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage. 
For the haters, out of hundreds of deals or transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws 4 times in order to cut better deals. 
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool... 
... Icahn, Kravis, Apollo and most others--but nobody says they went bankrupt! 
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals... 
... It is very effective and a commonly used business tool. 
Win! 
Thanks. 
Happy Birthday Christine. 
Good luck! 
Very nice! 
Great and thanks. 
Thanks Cheryl. 
. is smart and strategic. People should cut her some slack and respect the way she works on 
Thanks--and good luck. 
Shocker: study reveals that is completely biased while is factual What a surprise! 
. XXIX less than 3 weeks away. Looking forward to being inducted into the Hall of Fame! 
Happy Birthday. 
The NFL has just barred ball carriers from using helmet as contact. What is happening to the sport? The beginning of the end. 
Quite nice, thanks! 
Trump, by far! 
Chester--unreal. 
Thank you. 
Thanks Jaynie. 
Thanks Jason. 
John was great--everybody misses him. Best wishes. 
I remained strong for during his difficult period. He rewarded me (and himself) by winning at Trump National Doral. 
Yes and best wishes. 
Thanks and good luck. 
Hi Chris! 
"You can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much." The Art of The Deal 
Thank you! 
Thanks Wusong. 
Thanks Michael! 
Thanks David! 
Thanks Seth! 
Thanks Metalchick! 
I have none! 
Emily--true and thanks. 
.@mcuban Mark, okay with me but don't start your bullshit again! 
Passion motivates. Passionate people don't give up; their zeal eliminates fear. Passion can also create business opportunities. 
"Donald Trump helped expose the silliness of the move by offering to pay for the White House tours." 
Congratulations to MK on being offered Deputy Defense Minister of IDF by 
Yes and thanks. 
Hi Colby. 
Amnesty is suicide for Republicans.Not one of those 12 million who broke our laws will vote Republican.Obama is laughing at 
.@RNC report was written by the ruling class of consultants who blew the election. Short on ideas. Just giving excuses to donors. 
"One of the most obvious lessons on is for the candidates to learn to think quickly." - Think Like a Champion 
Sorry folks, but Donald Trump is far richer and much better looking than dopey 
Thanks. 
Thanks Anthony. 
True! 
That's why I'll never be Pope! 
.@SarahPalinUSA did a great job Much of what she said was plain old "common sense." 
"Americans may no longer have access to their family doctors because of Obamacare." via 
l still think should just bite the bullet &amp; get rid of the new batteries in the 787. Those batteries will always be a problem! 
It was great having back on this week's 
I was sorry to decline headlining the Reagan Dinner last Saturday due to a prior business commitment. Pres. Reagan was one of the greats. 
.@rushlimbaugh played 3 separate audio bites (the most of anyone) of my CPAC speech. Hour 3 in Friday's show. 
Be weak on immigration and ensure Democratic victory. 
But is physically weak, he has no clubhead speed or game! 
Thanks! 
Thanks! 
Thanks! 
True! 
.@mcuban is so short off the tee he can't have much of a punch. He's just a weak man with a big mouth! 
WHO IS GOING TO GET IRAQ'S OIL??????? 
Bombings all over Iraq today.That country is falling apart-such a horrible waste of lives and 1.5 trillion dollars (and I told you so!). 
You are correct, but he is so easy! 
is very short off the tee - and his basketball sucks also! 
Golf match? I've won 18 Club Championships including this weekend. swings like a little girl with no power or talent. Mark's a loser 
Great! 
We just blew it up dummy! 
You were fantastic last night on Celebrity Apprentice - everybody loved you! 
Thanks. 
Not even close! 
But I like picking on losers! 
Great! 
Great! 
Stupid, they tried that with The Benefactor and Mark went splat! 
Not even close, dopey! 
Thank you! 
You are right, he is a total joke - his players laugh at him! 
Dan, because I love beating lowlifes! 
Thanks Tanja! 
Thanks! 
Apprentice ratings doing great - easily won the 10 o'clock hour over other networks! 
Is Anthony Weiner also delusional? Add him to NY Sex Offender list instead! 
Sexual pervert &amp; deviant Anthony Weiner is polling to see if he can run for NYC Mayor... 
Great article by explaining why was biggest loser James is sharp. 
Why does continue to embarrass the 31-35 &amp; 11TH place with childish behavior? Really unprofessional! 
Via "La Toya Jackson fired from 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice' by Donald Trump" 
The Blue Monster is being torn up at Trump On April 1, I go out &amp; play it one more time until the new course opens. 
.@TPNNtweets "Donald Trump Tells A Fascinating Inside Story About His Dealings w/ The Obama WH" 
.@DLoesch played great audio from my press conference on her radio show. Glad she made it! 
Via "Donald Trump to CPAC: Romney 'Didn't Talk Enough About Success'" by 
Vattenfall CEO stated that the company needed to prepare itself for falling electricity demands in coming years-- a changing market. 
Vattenfall, the company behind a proposed asinine windfarm off the coast of Aberdeen, Scotland, is having serious financial difficulty. 
"Trump at CPAC: 'We Have to Get the Momentum Back'" via 
. interview discussing a budget deal, my #CPAC2013 speech, &amp; firing 
Trump Tower is open to the public. 
Via Backstage Interview w/ Donald Trump at CPAC" by Great seeing you David! 
I will not be commenting on boardroom specifics- would be unfair to the different time zones. #CelebApprentice 
Music cues, audience participation, sounds like a very active Team Power. #CelebApprentice 
The tournament at Trump National Doral was much more exciting than what is going on now! 
I'll be tweeting live tonight starting at 9PM ET re:@ApprenticeNBC. Don't worry other time zones, I will give nothing away! 
Annika - Thanks, you are the GREATEST - We all adore you! 
Best ratings for the Dateline show were for six months, not two months! 
It's Endometriosis Awareness Month-176 million women suffer from this disease. 
Just won The Club Championship at Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach-lots of very good golfers-never easy to win a C.C. 
Last weeks Dateline, which I hosted, was the highest rated Dateline since January! 
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - GREAT EPISODE! 
Wow-Record ratings for WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral's Blue Monster-Most watched in seven years. CONGRATS to@Tiger Woods 
Huff Post "His early morning speech drew a large crowd, far larger than remarks at the same time on Thursday" and packed by end! The facts. 
Thanks for all of the accolades on my speech today - it's all about the truth! 
Honest reporters stated that the Prayer Breakfast was going on during my CPAC speech and security was very slow to let people in-long lines! 
I agreed to take the worst spot at CPAC because nobody else wanted it and it was the only time I could be there - it was great fun! 
WHY CAN'T THE MEDIA TELL THE TRUTH - WE WOULD ALL BE SO MUCH BETTER OFF! 
RT TRUMP STUMPS... 
"Donald Trump CPAC Speech: U.S. Is Run By 'Very Stupid People'" via by 
"The Donald Goes to CPAC: TV star and hotel magnate gives his thoughts on the state of America" by 
Via "TRUMP TO REPUBLICANS: 'PLAY THE DEBT CEILING CARD'" by 
For accurate reporting of my speech, read 
......@DailyCaller, &amp; 
Boring &amp; failing 3rd rate political reporter had flunky write a totally false report about me today...... 
I watched the last two minutes of the game last night--- I just loved watching them lose. 
Press conference after CPAC speech this morning was excellent- lots of very professional reporters. 
The CPAC speech went really well this morning--- first speaker--- standing ovation. I really enjoyed it. 
When you think big, you will automatically trigger more details because details are the major component of making anything big. 
"In the general course of human nature, a power over a man's subsistence amounts to a power over his will." - Alexander Hamilton 
...Those stupid people bought company (of which he owned a piece). 
Obama hasn't released a budget in over 2 years &amp; for the 1st time House &amp; Senate delivered budgets before him 
CPAC attendees &amp; fellow patriots - lines for my start at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. Make sure to get there early! 
Really big crowd expected tomorrow morning at # CPAC2013. I look forward to it! 
Interview w/ discussing my WH tour offer, terrible ads &amp; Ashley Judd's candidacy 
Good move by in downgrading to a dead weekend spot. This is truly a guy who shouldn't be on tv. 
Thanks. 
Thanks Rick. 
. made a great decision in firing from The show will be better without her! 
"Donald Trump explains celebrity feuds: 'I speak the truth'" via 
Congratulations to my Catholic friends on the selection of Pope Francis I to lead the Catholic Church. People that know him love him! 
To show you how shallow politicians can be, many are jealous of my speaking slot &amp; also their fellow Republicans! Not good! 
The DC press corps is obsessed with my speech which is scheduled tomorrow 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Can't blame them. 
.... Do I get the credit for this? Thank you!http://t.co/A6sq5ZhpE9 
Thank you Dennis. 
Congrats to and on a great five years! 
I watched Mark Cuban on Jay Leno last night - what a jerk! 
Celebrity Apprentice will be rebroadcast tonight at 9 on CNBC. 
Great and good luck! 
According to new WPOST-ABC poll, Obama has just lost 14 points on public trust with economy 
In making any decision, you need all the facts. But after exhausting all due diligence, in the end you have to go with your gut! 
Best of luck to my good friend Derek Jeter on his first game today back at shortstop. Captain is a warrior &amp; winner. 
The Art of the Deal and Think Like a Champion would be helpful. 
.@LukeDonald You are so good and so talented that I have no doubt you will conquer the 18th hole at the "New" Blue Monster 
Lines for my address start at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. ACU has asked that you get there early. #CPAC2013 
Via "Donald Trump to get more CPAC time than Marco Rubio" knows how to prioritize! 
Good idea--I wish him luck. 
Agreed, they're doing a great job. 
"Obama Spurns Trump Offer to Foot White House Tours" via 
Thanks Mary. 
Thanks and good luck. 
Yes and thanks. 
My best wishes. 
Help save the lives of our troops.Our #vets suffering from TBI/PTS need treatment Donate to 
Help fight autism--go to website for donations &amp; government activation. 
Thanks Paul - we miss you! 
Thanks! 
Great! 
Thanks--and good luck. 
Thanks Jeff. 
"If you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - Think Big 
Ashley Judd's candidacy was created by Karl Rove's terrible ads, even before she thought seriously about running... 
...The ads made her look great and now she probably will run. 
"Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." - Steve Jobs 
Hamas has warned Pres. Obama not to visit the Temple Mount during his trip to Israel 
Thanks Spence. 
Thanks Wilson. 
My speech is scheduled Friday at 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Will also be telecast live on CSPAN &amp; cable news networks. 
Congratulations to on celebrating its 25 year anniversary. Great paper under amazing management! 
All-Star Celebrity continues to dominate the Sunday 10PM slot in every key demographic. Still hot after 13 seasons! 
Via "Palin, Trump Get Longer Speaking Slots at CPAC" by 
Via@politicalwire: "Trump Offers to Fund White House Tours " 
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein 
Re: Ashley Judd: Keep away. He already made her a viable candidate. 
Our economy has had worst recovery under Obama since the Depression. Results of his policies speak for themselves. No new taxes! 
.@Graeme_McDowell Great playing this weekend. You are a true winner. We look forward to having you back to Trump National Doral. 
Really looking forward to my address this Friday morning at 8:30. Will stress jobs, etc. Can't wait to see my many friends. 
According to new employment numbers, 296,000 Americans have dropped out of the work force &amp; gave up looking for work. 
Between a terrible press conference, mishandled prisoner swap &amp; Taliban attacks, Hagel's 1st trip as SOD was a disaster. No surprise. 
. is a great guy &amp; a total winner! He understood - he did not leave me any other choice. Look forward to keeping in touch. 
Brande-- Thank you! You have been a pleasure to work with. 
To He is truly a great champion and we were honored to have him at Trump National Doral. #Trump 
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them. Thoreau 
Let us never negotiate out of fear, but let us never fear to negotiate.

--John F. Kennedy, Inaugural Address, January 1961 
The losing team is now back in boardroom. I can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out. 
Re my hair-Should I change it? What do you think? 
It's true... Dennis is really into this-very animated. I have never seen him this way before. 
Which team is your favorite? 
Re Omarosa: Nasty, tough or smart...or all? 
Does anyone agree with Marilu that Gary, while 'adorable', is a distraction? 
Omarosa is very confident that the execs loved her concept &amp; presentation. 
Next she says she's being set up by Omarosa to fail....is somebody confused? 
What?! LaToya is saying Omarosa is one of the nicest people she's met? 
On the whole, the teams seem to be working well together. No wars...yet. 
Gary as the Cat in the Hat? He can work it out. 
What do you think of Gary's definition of f-u-n? 
Trace delivers check to hospital in NYC: American Red Cross must be grateful to Trace and his team for their tremendous work. 
Honest Omarosa: she won't backstab-she'll come at you from the front. 
Which team do you think has the edge in this interactive photo experience task assignment? 
My 757 is incredible-I think the teams agree on that. 
Will Team Power be able to withstand Omarosa as PM? Smooth sailing is not expected. 
Will Plan B miss Trace? 
Firing Bret was a tough one for me-but Omarosa doesn't seem to mind. 
Omarosa always promises and delivers high drama... 
Trace and his team raised an amazing amount of $. Looks like a good season for charities. 
There's definitely no love lost between Piers and Omarosa. 
Bret had a target on his back from the get go... 
That was some episode last week-we've got a great cast! 
I will be live tweeting during the tonight at 9PM ET. 
I'm at Trump Doral right now, Tiger will tee off shortly. 
How much is South Korea paying the U.S. for protection against North Korea???? NOTHING! 
Get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change. Be persistent and alert every single day. 
Good luck. 
Follow Trump WGC leadership board here at 
RT Thanks! RT You guys have one hell of a leaderboard. Love this Tournament. 
Be prepared to go it alone--being an entrepreneur is not, initially, a group effort. Keep your focus. Read Midas Touch. 
Via "Donald Trump aims to bring luxury to Doral Golf Resort &amp; Spa" 
Make sure to tune in to All-Star Celebrity this Sunday at 9PM EST for another round of fireworks and surprises! 
Golf is a brain game &amp; is a great way to improve your business skills. Concentration,assessment, technique &amp; passion...it's all there. 
Good luck! 
Hi Hallmar. 
Agree--thanks! 
Thanks Becky. 
Great 
The WGC leadership board is available here: 
Notice the first word in my Think Big credo: Think = the 1st step. Use everything in your power to utilize &amp; develop that capacity. 
Re: Decisions: Cover your bases, then ask yourself this question: "What am I pretending not to see?" This can save a lot of time &amp; trouble. 
Thanks, good choice &amp; good luck. 
Good goal. 
Good thing to remember. 
Thanks Brad. 
.@morning_joe - Wow - "Ticket sales go through the roof after Trump asked to speak at CPAC" 
Good luck! 
Great! 
Thanks. 
Go to Trump National Doral, Miami, and watch Tiger, Phil, Ernie, Rory and all of the other great players compete in The WGC Cadillac Champ! 
I don't know why but I feel so sorry for dummy reporter John Heilemann when I watch him on television. 
John Heilemann, the lightweight reporter begging to be on@morning joe, looks like a timebomb waiting to explode-he's a nervous and sad mess! 
"Trump has big plans for improving via 
Good to hear, enjoy! 
Thanks Raul. 
Thank you. 
Thanks Jessica. 
Good subject, good luck! 
My interview w/ re: &amp; my $200M of future renovations invested in Trump 
.@somelikeitlar hope you enjoyed the premiere of All-Star Celebrity Make sure watches! 
Via "DONALD TRUMP TO SPEAK AT CPAC" by 
RT WHAT?! is speaking at #CPAC2013? This conference just became, like, a hundred times more awesome! 
Via "Major makeover: Trump has big vision for Doral" by 
Via "Trump 'blowing up' after WGC-@CadillacChamp" by 
Building a brand is like building a skyscraper-the foundation comes first. The bigger the building, the deeper the foundation needs to be 
It will be fantastic--be sure to visit. 
I wish him the best of luck. 
RT ACU Announces will be a featured speaker at #CPAC2013! Get tickets today at 
Via Trump will speak at CPAC"by 
It is my great honor to be speaking at CPAC 2013. They are all about what's good for America. 
Thanks Michael. 
Thanks Evan and good luck. 
Ernie Els and myself at Trump National Doral. 
Happy Birthday Tiffany. 
Just arrived at Trump National Doral, saying hello to all the great players. This place is amazing.Come Thursday &amp; see for yourselves! 
The Formula of Knowledge: The best way to learn is through studying the history of success and failures in your industry. 
If you love what you're doing, motivation is never a problem. 
It will be fantastic! Be sure to visit. 
Remember--the worst thing you can do in a negotiation is seem desperate to make the deal. 
I agree, it's a beautiful course to play. Thanks. 
Thanks Sven and good luck. 
Rory, Tiger, Phil and Ernie will be fun to watch this weekend at Trump National Doral. 
Despite previous tweet, Dennis Rodman would do a better job than the current (cont) 
To show you how dishonest some of the press is, they took my funny &amp; (cont) 
For those of you defending Bret and saying Omarosa should go remember Bret chose O which could also be considered a big mistake! 
Matt--Hope you will have a Happy Birthday. 
Thanks Mary. 
Thank you. 
Via "Donald Trump reveals first image of his new Aberdeenshire hotel" 
Additionally, ranked as the #1 program in the 9-11 pm time period with adults in the 25-54 age group. 
Glad everyone could see Mar-a-Lago last night on It is the crown jewel of Palm Beach. 
My interview re: firing on the premiere of All-Star &amp; politics 
Thanks! 
...Brande was also smart in not bringing Omarosa to the boardroom. 
Brande would have been fired immediately if she didn't raise $132,000, a really large sum. Bret, on the other hand, raised very little... 
I will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. this morning. 
So, what did you think of my decision? What would you have done? #CelebApprentice 
I'll always like because she constantly defends me. #CelebApprentice 
.@IvankaTrump looks like a movie star from the days of glamour and beauty. #CelebApprentice 
Don't worry West Coast etc. we are not going to tweet who was fired or give any indication there of until after it airs. #CelebApprentice 
Paul Teutul is always good on the show. #CelebApprentice 
Even is impressed by #CelebApprentice 
.@OMAROSA as a cashier- a big mistake by #CelebApprentice 
.@KellyandMichael are both wonderful people. Their show is terrific. #CelebApprentice 
.@DennisRodman must be thinking of North Korea. #CelebApprentice 
.@THEGaryBusey is definitely different. #CelebApprentice 
.@PiersMorgan and really hate each other. #CelebApprentice 
.@IvankaTrump and will be wonderful advisors. #CelebApprentice 
I always believed was making a mistake in coming back as a competitor. I disagree with him but... 
.@LisaRinna looks better with her reduced lips. Good move, Lisa. #CelebApprentice 
Looks like is up to the challenge. #CelebApprentice 
How does this cast look to you? Pretty amazing. #CelebApprentice 
Losers and haters,even you, as low and dumb as you are, can learn from watching Apprentice and checking out my tweets-you can still succeed! 
Losers and haters are invited to watch Celebrity Apprentice along with the many great and productive people in the hope that you will learn. 
I will be live tweeting during the Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M. Also will be hosting Dateline just prior to Apprentice at 8 P.M. 
Allen and Gail - you will like it - see you both soon! 
Everybody wants to see and talk to Dennis Rodman - he will be on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9. 
Thanks! 
Great advice! 
True and thanks John! 
Really bad article about me in the dying (or dead) Esquire Magazine. Totally false - lots of hatred. When will this boring magazine close? 
Thanks. 
Thanks Rich. 
Thanks Matt. 
Thanks Janise! 
Thanks. 
Is Chris Jackson as dumb as I hear - but I still like that he follows me like a good little soldier! 
Thanks Vincent! 
Thanks for the nice words Irv! 
Thanks Kevin.Trump Doral will soon be the best in the U.S. 
Thanks. 
Thanks! 
Remember, Bill Maher praised the animals who took down the World Trade Center and was fired by ABC. DROP@HBO until dopey Bill is canned! 
GREAT! 

Everyone should cancel HBO until they fire low life dummy Bill Maher! Get going now and feel good about yourself! 
Thank you - very nice (and true)! 
Joseph Kennedy is really being used by Venezuela and Hugo C. in oil commercial! 
RT Get ready, fans! promises plenty of mean and nasty action.. 
Thanks Kayla, enjoy. 
If people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all. --
Michelangelo 
Champion loves being on the other side of the table in the Boardroom. She leaves no punches out in 
Thanks Rose. 
Who would have thought that an champion would return to compete? returns to All-Star 
Only the Obama WH can get away with attacking Bob Woodward. 
Due to popular demand, returns to the 13th season of All-Star Lisa's fans won't be disappointed! 
We should leave Afghanistan immediately. No more wasted lives. If we have to go back in, we go in hard &amp; quick. Rebuild the US first. 
Newly minted diplomat is a completely different competitor in All-Star Dennis is a legend! 
Remember, this Sunday I am also featured on at 8PM, right before the premiere of All-Star likes me! 
"Donald Trump returns to the 'Apprentice' boardroom" via 
Thanks, enjoy! 
Pay attention to details. If you don't know every aspect of what you're doing, you're setting yourself up for some big surprises. 
I am happy that "The Job" on CBS, the 16th. knockoff of the Apprentice, was just cancelled. I love to see my opponents lose (not nice)! 

By popular request, I will be live tweeting during Celebrity Apprentice (Sunday 9 P.M.). 
Thanks Matthew! 
It is going to be a long and tough road to turn around CNN - they are looking at the wrong people! 
Erin Burnett, who has no ratings on CNN in prime time, now wants more money to move to the morning slot. should say "no way". 
Thank you - so nice. 
Thanks Rob and good luck. 
Good work, Pam. 
Thank you. 
Thanks Jacqueline. 
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
--Ralph Waldo Emerson 
As China is built on corporate espionage, currency manipulation &amp; cheap labor, its economy is a ticking time bomb 
Are you a Democrat running in a race you should lose? Get to run an ad against you and you will win. 
Thank you. 
Thanks Tessa. 
"Donald Trump Explains Why He Called Django Unchained 'Racist' In Tweet" via 
Over the years, I've discovered that for a brand to build, the people surrounding it have to work exceptionally well together. 
One good aspect of the Obama depression is that it will separate the winners from the losers. If you can make it now, you deserve it! 
I am very proud of performance in the record 13th season of All-Star Watch. 
Everyone is excited for return to All-Star Be warned, this time Gary is even more insane! 
"Donald Trump Returns For 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice'" via 
Via "Donald Trump returns to the 'Apprentice' boardroom" 
Swing hard. 
Thanks M. 
Wow--very nice, thanks. 
Thanks and good luck. 
Thank you. 
Sikorsky 76 
Wrong--not even close! 
True! 
Thanks Gaby. 
True! 
Mostly my father. 
This Sunday, March 3rd, at 9 PM EST on 
7 months. 
I fully understand that side of the argument. 
Happy Birthday &amp; enjoy NYC. 
Happy Birthday. 
.@DeeSnider, and the rest of your favorites are back! All-Star premieres Sunday... 
.@StephenBaldwin7 and me at a press event for All-Star earlier today at 
How come nobody mentions that the Nielsen Ratings of the Apprentice, after 12 seasons-- as shown by Howard Stern --totally blow away... 
Thanks Davis. 
Many people have said that. 
Not much! 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Thanks Ed. 
True! 
I will. 
There is none. 
Interesting. 
True and thanks. 
Fantastic. 
Excellent. 
Thanks Scott. 
Thanks. 
What is wrong with the Now they want to give all authority on the sequester cuts to Obama Pathetic. 
There was a major diplomatic breakthrough yesterday w/the White House, Iran &amp; China. All celebrated Chuck Hagel being voted in as SOD. 
My show interview with discussing the fierce competition in All-Star 
My interview w/ on discussing bangs &amp; All-Star 
Via "Donald Trump announced for WWE Hall of Fame" 
Flashback: "Donald Trump: $200M plan for Doral" via Trump Doral's is one week away! 
Is everything ok over there I actually got some good press from them today. 
Hopefully he will not destroy Scotland. 
Thanks and good luck. 
Great! Just won five-star ratings for hotel and restaurant from Forbes Travel Guide. 
Made a mistake but will recover. 
Yes and thanks. 
Great architect! 
I often ask that question myself. 
True and thanks. 
My interview with discussing the new season of All-Star 
"Must-see morning clip: Donald Trump addresses Lil Wayne tweet and 'Celebrity Apprentice'"http://t.co/ozoAePwPeL via 
Great news - has fully recovered and will be back on this coming Monday. Barbara is wonderful! 
Via "Donald Trump promises 'tough and mean and nasty' 'Celebrity Apprentice'" 
...and says something is seriously wrong. He will never go down as great! 
.@IvankaTrump and me at the this morning. 
Was photo bombed yesterday by a wise guy when I left the set of 
I win, no contest! 
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." --
Henry David Thoreau 
I will--thanks--"Success" is fantastic. 
Thanks Terry. 
They usually put the leftovers on Friday, like Shark Tank. 
Amy is terrific! 
True! 
Thanks--very nice. 
Thanks Laura--found out via your twitter! 
Thanks Kim. 
Sunday March 3rd on at 9 PM EST 
Thanks Bryon. 
Wow, what a great honor--thanks. 
Heading over to@Kelly and Michael re. Apprentice! 
He's great! 
Vince is fantastic! 
Just did Howard Stern Show-great time. Now doing The Today Show with Ivanka. ENJOY! 


Great and thanks. 
Will be on Howard Stern at 6.45 A.M. and the Today Show at 8.00 A.M. 
I'll bet Jimmy Fallon gets great ratings tonight! 
Jimmy Fallon show will be great tonight - I'm on! 
Why does@ Bill O'Reilly keep putting Karl Rove on his show-a total waste of time. Rove spent $400, 000, 000 and didn't win a race-pathetic! 
On Jimmy Fallon tonight. 
Dopey still owes me $5M for charity. I hope he pays up before fires him--which will happen! 
Wind turbines are a disaster! 
Thanks Bryan. 
Great! 
The ruling consultant class of losers like have no respect for the Tea Party. They do this at their own peril! 
"But why shouldn't I speak out? Don't you speak out in this country?" - George Steinbrenner 
There is no comparison between and Shark Tank in the ratings. The Apprentice beats Shark Tank hands... 
Just a few more days until the 13th season of All-Star premieres. Be sure to tune in this Sunday at 9PM on Big! 
"Donald Trump Reviews Oscars: Django 'Racist,' Ceremony 'Boring,' Set 'Tacky'..." via 
Be passionate about your work, focus, and never give up. 
Country music star returns to All-Star Competing for Trace is great! 
I will be on tonight. Always have a good time with Now we know he will get high ratings tonight. 
One of the reasons, I assume, I was inducted into the Hall of Fame is that Vince McMahon and I have the all time highest ratings... 
It is a great honor for me to be inducted into the Hall of Fame. This will take place on April 6... 
... at Madison Square Garden followed by a ceremony with 80,000 people at MetLife Stadium, Wrestlemania. 
Thanks Go Angelo, people are now really aware of my ties, shirts, and cuff links at Macy's- 
.....you keep forgetting to mention the fragrance, "Success"! 
A certain whack job, Go Angelo, who doesn't have a life- spends his time hopelessly attacking me re: Macy's.... 
..... I wonder if Angelo has a job or is on assistance. In any event, I'm sure he is a nice guy! 
When employees are working at home they can never have the same cohesivness as working together as a group... 
Now I know that Yahoo is in good hands. It took great courage for to take away the right of employees to work at home. 
"Donald Trump: Yahoo, Marissa Mayer Are Right; Employees Should Not Work From Home" via 
Via Trump to be inducted into WWE Hall of Fame" 
"Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish." - Michelangelo 
RT Thanks for all the inspirational quotes. Helping encourage this young entrepreneur. :) 
"Set your sights and aim high. You never know what you can achieve until you focus on achieving it." - Midas Touch 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Great! 
My honor! 
No! 
The United States better address China's exchange rate before they steal our country and it is too late! China is laughing at us. 
Thanks. 
No but thanks. 
Interesting and thanks. 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Shark Tank is a dead Friday night filler compared to the Apprentice which has been number one show for week in the T. V. ratings! 
Thanks. 
Thanks David. 
Wow, I was just informed that I'm being inducted into the Hall of Fame-- a great honor -- 4/6/13 at 
RT Good to hear is on board.GOP is the party of free enterprise.Join us as we innovate: 
China is buying gas fields in Texas &amp; stealing our corporate secrets... 
... &amp; all Obama is concerned about stopping them doing is buying wind farms 
The countdown is on. The 13th season of All-Star premieres this Sunday March 3rd at 9PM EST on Big! 
The $85B sequester is just 2% of Obama's $3.5T record deficit spending budget. Our leaders are ruining our children's future. 
Must read column by Bob Woodward explaining how Obama pushed for sequestration &amp; promised no tax increase 
Via "Donald Trump Trashes 'Tacky,' 'Boring' Oscars, Blasts 'Racist' Django Unchained" 
"DONALD TRUMP BLASTS THE OSCARS" via 
My re: the sequestration, failure of leadership in DC, China playing us &amp; taking over in 2016 
My interview discussing why the sequestration cuts are necessary, our $17T national debt &amp; 2016 election 
Thanks. 
Thanks, good question/good point. 
Thanks. 
I will. 
Thanks--the big question is why! 
.@MarissaMayer is right to expect Yahoo employees to come to the workplace vs. working at home. She is doing a great job! 
An individual, whose whole career is trying to take down successful celebrities with nonsense campaigns, has turned his attention to me..... 
...So far, he has been a complete failure at doing so. He should read The Art of the Deal and use his energy to focus on a new career. 
Speaker John Boehner, who I like, should never have agreed to raise taxes because the Republicans got absolutely nothing for it! 
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool... 
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals.. 
.... It is a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool. 
Thanks Roxanne. 
Hi Mikey--work hard and good luck. 
Thanks and good luck! 
Very good! 
Whenever one of the morons say I wear a wig, stop reading because they have no credibility &amp; just hate. 
Last night William Shatner had more airtime than any winner. It should have been called the William Shatner show... 
...Overall, the Academy Awards were very average at best. 
Great. 
Great and thanks. 
In April - thanks. 
I'll be doing Fox and Friends this morning at seven. 
I've had enough of this - good night! 
Jane Fonda and Michael Douglas look great! 
The Oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the glamour and beauty? 
Sorry, I never went bankrupt and don't wear a wig (it's all mine)! 
Anne Hathaway is a good winner! 
Thanks Scott. 
Lincoln never sounded like that! 
Shirley B did a very good job singing Goldfinger! Not easy. 
Very tacky set! 
Django Unchained is the most racist movie I have ever seen, it sucked! 
You are right-more like the opening of the Tonys. 
I don't like the opening even a little bit! 
How do you like Seth and Oscars so far? 
Here we go with the Oscars! 
Thanks Alex. 
Thanks. 
Congrats to a great guy, on winning Daytona! 
wow Timmy;thanks.. 
Dummy goAngelo, keep letting people know how great my shirts, ties and cufflinks (also Success) are at Macy's.The BEST-now everyone's aware! 
Come on goAngelo, don't give up now just because your "rally" at Macy's drew only eleven people for twenty minutes! I love@ Macy's. 
By popular demand, I will be tweeting on the very tainted Academy Awards tonight! 
I'm saying that the Tea Party, perhaps by another name, will soon have another big moment- and will be a major factor in victory! 
Why didn't movie Lincoln use Ford's Theater for big scene instead of the stage of an unrelated theater? 
Big response to my Tea Party statement-remember they were never fully energized by Romney campaign and will have far more power with time. 
Republicans better start listening to and respecting the Tea Party! 
Next Sunday! 
True. 
I hope Oprah gives Lance Armstrong 100 million dollars because that's what that ridiculous interview will cost him! 
It will be great. 
Thanks. 
Thanks Bill! 
Thanks. 
Thanks Crysta! 
I hope so! 
I will be on@gretawire tonight at 10 P.M. Now I know she will get great ratings! 
Lance Armstrong is now being sued by Fed Govt-what was he thinkking? 
Thanks Joe. 
Good idea. 
Thanks! 
Yes, she is very tall--5'10" 
Thank you. 
Thanks. 
Thanks! 
For the Republicans to have any success these next two years, they must have a long game plan... 
Vince McMahon and I hold the all-time ratings &amp; pay-per-view record in the history of wrestling. 
The PGA tour just extended my Trump Doral contract for WGC for ten years. 
Enjoyed my visit to Trump Doral in Miami yesterday. Looking forward to returning for the WGC-@Cadillac Championship on March 6th-10th... 
... Will be there front &amp; center along with the 70 greatest players in the world. WGC-@Cadillac Championship 
"Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson 
What would All-Star be w/out a Baldwin? is at the top of his game this season. Our fans will be happy. 
I've just done a major Dateline for NBC - March 3rd just ahead of Apprentice. 
A Hall. 
Drew Peterson just got 36 years for killing his wife - bring back the death penalty! 
Congrats to Miss Universe 2011 &amp; great on their engagement! I am very happy for you both. 
Twitter will soon be irrelevant if lowlifes are so easily able to hack into accounts. 
Only 10 more days until the premiere of All-Star On March 3rd at 9PM EST the fireworks return to the Board Room! 
My Twitter has been seriously hacked--- and we are looking for the perpetrators. 
Hi Robert--good luck. 
If you think we have a problem with Social Security and Medicare now, try taking in millions of new citizens all at once. 
John McCain had a really hard time with his town hall meeting on immigration. They really went after him! 
.@mcuban, you were excellent on Howard Stern...thanks for the nice comments about my kids...yours are winners also! 
Thanks, great. 
Thanks. 
Thanks Sandy. 
Thanks. 
O.K. write me. 
Thanks Jenny. 
Great. 
Thanks. 
Thanks Andey. 
Thanks. 
Thanks K. 
Thanks 
Loser! 
Thanks Alan. 
Thanks Michael. 
Art of the Deal. 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Great Chris. 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Wow, Macy's numbers just in-Trump is doing better than ever - thanks for your great support! 
That's why you're a failure! 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
A toy next to The Apprentice - just a friday fill in! 
Thanks. 
Thanks Piers, you helped make it so! 
Thanks Tony. 
THE APPRENTICE. - 10 years, 182 shows - many at number one for week or night -Amazing! 
"The Job" on CBS, the 15th copy of The Apprentice, was just cancelled - I love it! 
"A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities... 
...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties." Harry S. Truman 
Thanks! 
Thanks Paul. 
Thanks and good luck! 
Sadly, it's worthless! 
Go Angelo failed and gave up - now wants more p.r. - loser! 
Thanks. 
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it. - Douglas MacArthur 
Dopey, nobody is laughing at me! 
I had amazing time in Charlotte. Great people &amp; many new friends. I look forward to coming back very soon. Congrats to Gavin &amp; Staff. 
Former winner returns to All-Star March 3rd on Bret shows once again why he is a champion! 
Via "Photos: Tour Donald Trump's NC golf club" 
My WCNC News interview w/ touring the magnificent Trump National Charlotte course &amp; facilities 
...While I fully agree, it is not politically correct! 
Thanks Craig! 
Do you understand sarcasm? 
Thanks Tyler. 
Thanks! 
Thanks Boris, good luck. 
Thanks Joseph. 
Review your work habits &amp; make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't tread water--get out there and go for it. 
Chicago is a great city and we have the most beautiful location. Yes, it's doing well! Thanks. 
Thanks Angie for your comments. 
Thanks Scott. . 
Focus on your goals, work hard and never give up. Good luck! 
Thanks Jerry. Good luck. 
Thanks Jamie. Tune in March 3rd for the new season--you'll love it. 
Thanks. 
Thanks! 
I will. 
Thanks Lou. 
Re: Success-- Don't put blinders on and do not limit yourself; reach out, seek and explore. Think big at all times. 
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. 
Number one rated hotel in Toronto--and getting even better! Best wishes. 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Too many people rely on auto correct...an assistant of mine apologizes! 
The many losers and haters never have the brains or stamina to become truly successful! 
"Always protect against the downside--the upside will take care of itself." Donald J. Trump 
$5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. OPEC is laughing at us. 
"Donald Trump will keynote Oakland County Republicans' Lincoln Day dinner" via Record crowd expected. 
Now China is helping Iran smuggle nuclear parts . China is not an ally but our country's greatest threat &amp; rival. 
Idiot always forgets to mention that I am suing him to collect the $5M for charity, that he expressly offered. 
.@billmaher says that "the Iraelis are controlling our government" Let's fire him a second time. 
I hear you are doing great! Take care of yourself. 
Via "Donald Trump: Lake Norman golf course 'one of the hottest places around'" 
"I love the Lakers and when you love the Lakers, you want them to win so badly that you will work tirelessly." - Dr. Jerry Buss 
Dianne Gallagher is a great reporter for News Channel 36 in Charlotte, NC. Fantastic interview--thanks! 
All-Star premiering March 3rd on features terrific TV stars competing in the toughest tasks yet. Will be great. 
Great to see Captain Derek Jeter back on the field. He will have another great season and make NYC proud again. 
My exclusive interview with discussing Trump National North Carolina &amp; future deals 
My interview discussing Pres. Obama playing golf w/@TigerWoods, US Airways-American merger &amp; oil 
Listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. Use your instincts--you alone know where you want to go. 
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once--a formidable combination. 
Thanks! 
Jerry Buss was a great guy and friend. He will be missed! 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Thanks! 
I am surprised that Hugo Chavez can keep power in his weak physical condition! 
I said gas prices would sky rocket after election - Opec payback! 
Thanks. 
Thanks 
Great going. 
Looks like is having some problems with his Rock Center with Brian Williams show--I hate to see such bad ratings for 
Hi Chris. 
Thanks Eileen! 
The American-US Airways merger will create even worse service and much higher fares. 
Trump National Golf Club, Charlotte, is the premiere club in North Carolina. Will visit tomorrow. 
Good idea. 
Thanks, see you tomorrow. 
Looking forward to speaking International Convention tomorrow morning in Charlotte, NC 
Via "Trump to speak to GOP" 
Thanks Brianna! 
March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC 
Thanks--will be great! 
All-Star has done the impossible. TV's greatest villain &amp; are in competition. Fireworks! 
"Trump: Rove 'Made a Fool Out of Himself'" via 
Via "Donald Trump on how Rubio should have drank his water" 
#1 = be passionate. If you love what you're doing, success will follow. With passion, discouragement can't take hold. 
Thanks Adam! 
That's right, hard work it is. But worth it. 
Thank you. 
Keep at it! 
That's good news! Congrats. 
Remember, if you don't promote yourself, then no one else will! Likewise, believe in yourself--or no one else will either. 
Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with--make your work count. 
Keep up the good work Cynthia. 
Thanks and good luck. 
Good. Never give up! 
Thanks Will. 
Thanks Dom. 
Happy birthday Matt. 
Thanks Neil. 
thanks 
thanks 
Complete is good. 
Take responsibility for yourself--it's a very empowering attitude. 
Seriously! 
You're absolutely right. 
Thanks for all the great comments on all my recent interviews. Much appreciated. 
Thanks--keep up the good work. 
Thank you Andy and best wishes to you. 
Good! 
Watch what happens, dummy--it won't be pretty. 
Dopey--Big success and great for Scotland! 
Obama vacationing in West Palm Beach starting tomorrow. He should play a round at Trump Int'l Golf Club - #1 rated course in Florida. 
No surprise, with the talk of amnesty in DC, illegal immigration is picking up in Arizona 
Not only did Egypt destroy its civil society w/ the Muslim Brotherhood, now it is a complete economic mess 
You're right--billions. 
It will be great--thanks. 
Thank you Edward. 
In my office with Banana Joe, who just won the at 
And I look forward to it--big crowd. 
Good! and good luck! 
Thanks--work hard every day! 
Thanks Susan. 
The Tea Party is filled with great Americans. Despite being mistreated by everyone, including they will continue to fight on 
March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC. 
I believe in free markets but allowing a merger of US Air &amp; American Airlines is totally ridiculous! Will control most of US market. 
Happy Valentine's Day! 
Via "Donald Trump Vows to Fight Scottish Wind Farm Plan in Courts" 
Thanks Tony, good luck. 
Really enjoyed my interview with He is terrific! 
Thanks--just common sense. 
Thanks Dorian--it pays to persevere. 
Sounds interesting. 
My interview discussing Obama's SOTU, Rove's attack on the Tea Party &amp; All-Star 
True! 
Great--and good luck! 
Thanks Thomas! 
Great school--thanks! 
Congrats for being ranked #1 on and a Travellers' Choice 2013 Winner! 
Thanks and good luck. 
Hi Evelina. 
Thanks Gilberto and good luck. 
March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC. 
Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself and your interests. 
Thanks Robert. 
Thanks. 
Definitely exciting. 
True! 
Great success! 
Thanks. 
Will be great--thanks. 
It is important to think positively. Negative thinking will kill your focus and destroy any chance you have of being successful. 
Happy birthday! 
Wow, Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Toronto was just ranked #1 out of 138 hotels in Toronto! 
What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and follow it. 
You've got something unique to offer--find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Innovation can follow.. 
Today. 
Be focused, be disciplined, be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification. 
Sounds like a good idea to me! 
Thanks--read my books, they can help. 
Dummy, I never went bankrupt. 
Thanks! 
I will try! 
Great and thanks Paul. 
It will be great! 
You are right but I always believe in hitting back--and thanks. 
Wall Street Journal &amp; lots of others, including television. 
I was never a big fan of Bush--he gave us Obama. 
Thanks Darren. 
Work hard, focus, be persistent and think smart. 
Anytime! 
Thanks Brian and good luck. 
Thanks--glad it was good. 
Much worse! 
Thanks! 
Very good! 
Very nice--thank you! 
Interesting! 
Yes, but we must act soon. 
But Rosie is smarter than 
Looking forward to being interviewed on the tonight at 6:30 PM EST. Be sure to listen! 
Marco Rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech! 
Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn. 
Yes. 
Work hard! 
Pay attention to global news and developments--in today's world that is a requirement, not an elective. 
Good luck! 
Okay, great! 
Thanks Amelia! 
Hi Jessica and thanks. 
Thanks Kari. 
Thanks Jarred. 
Thanks--they are good kids! 
Recognize the opportunity, focus on it, and don't give up. Luck is often earned. 
.@TraceAdkins is a fantastic guy! 
True--isn't it sad! 
Great and best of luck! 
Looking forward to it--thanks. 
Thanks Tom. 
Thanks--work hard &amp; good luck. 
Thanks Kelly. 
Thanks and good luck. 
Yes. 
Not a bad idea--thanks! 
Thanks--but they should get a life. 
Very nice, thanks Rachel. 
Thanks. 
Definitely worth it. 
Every business has surprises, hidden dangers beneath the surface, and little known opportunities that can lead to huge success. 
Just a small percentage. 
Interesting! 
Thanks. 
Hello. 
True! 
Thanks! 
I am right--current tense. 
I like Joe Paterno and his family. 
Well, Trace will now have a second chance. 
Good luck! 
Work hard and keep at it! 
Yes, absolutely. There are always opportunities and therefore hope. Good luck Carsen! 
Thanks Doug, Skylar and Tammy. 
Surprised signed Michael Vick yesterday to be their 2013 QB. Vick is talented but brittle &amp; probably won't last long. 
Keep your vision intact -- be positively persistent. 
Will the Keystone XL pipeline finally be approved? Will create over 100,000 jobs and make us more energy independent. 
Great news - are starting their own Super PAC to fight (via Go get em! 
Hi and thanks. 
Have confidence, work hard, and keep your focus on the small things that matter while keeping the big picture in mind. 
Magician extraordinaire is back in the All-Star This time he has even more tricks up his sleeve. 
How can any Senator vote for Hagel as Sec. of Defense after that horrific hearing? He is not up for the job but will probably get it. 
The new course at Trump International Scotland will be a par-72 layout, with five sets of tees ranging from 7,540 yards to 5,630. 
.@MelaniaTrump looks amazing in 2000 
Sad. Our food stamp rolls now surpass the entire population of Spain We must do better or we will be Greece. 
I endorsed a book on ObamaCare &amp; it just went to #2 on the New York Times bestseller list! 
What do you think of my suing for $5M for charity? He made an offer, I accepted. 
... but is allowed to say that about me. 
A mediocre person tells. A good person explains. A superior person demonstrates.... 
RT Trump Int'l Golf Club West Palm Beach is spectacular. Almost makes me wish I had time to play/learn/like golf. 
.@KarlRove is far more to blame for Obama's victory than the Tea Party. 
"Trump: I Love the Tea Party, They Love Me" via (cross posted on 
"Thanks to Donald Trump" via My pleasure Jeffrey! 
Great column by on "Karl Rove Is Done" 
Via Tweet of the Day 
Congratulations to my friend on winning the big golf tournament today! 
Good luck and nice hat! 
.@BillMaher's so called show on HBO must be the cheapest "special" produced in the history of television--- it sucks! 
How does employ with a pathetic show that he does---- what kind of "a special" is that? Complete garbage! 
Dummy forgot to say that he made an absolute offer which I accepted. Hopefully, charity gets $5M dollars. 
Thanks Jake. 
Thanks Cam. 
Thanks. 
Good! 
Be confident, pay attention--and good luck. 
Keep your focus and never give up. 
No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life. - Samuel Goldwyn 
Thank you. 
I was never a fan or defender of Bush. 
But he will get it! 
Thanks, I am. 
Thanks Darren. 
Thank her for me! 
Yes, if they fight! 
Good idea. 
Thanks. 
It's about time! 
Good luck! 
Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You have to trust yourself and your instincts. 
Ashley Judd Targeted by Super PAC in Ad (Video) 
is a total loser...save your money! 
See the Ashley Judd ad by and you will definitely vote for her and love Obama. 
Ashley Judd ad makes her and Obama look great...nobody wastes money like Karl Rove! 
Is incompetent? 400 million dollars down the drain and not 1 victory! 
The dollar always talks in the end--although our pols are killing the dollar! 
Great, good luck. 
I agree. 
Thanks Andrea and good luck. 
Thanks Michael. 
Thanks. 
The past 4 years have seen the weakest multiyear recovery since WWII Need to loosen regulations and lower taxes. 
China keeps manipulating its currency at our financial expense. Why do our leaders continually let China run all over us? 
Hagel committee vote has been postponed as Hagel refuses to disclose all his finances 
Know everything you can (update daily) &amp; cover your bases. 
Develop your gut instincts and act on them. You will have your biggest successes when you go with your gut--but be very smart &amp; careful. 
The golden rule of negotiation = He who has the gold makes the rules. Read Art of the Deal &amp; How To Get Rich. 
Thanks Suz for your comments. 
Happy Birthday Ray. 
Take the time to make it great. 
Thanks. 
Thanks Jimmy. 
True, and thank you. 
Erick--Thanks--and that was an easy one--closed for eight years! 
Once again, thanks Nathalie. 
Great, thanks. 
Great! Good luck. 
Great! Keep working hard. 
Interesting! 
Thanks--food for thought! 
True! 
100% true. 
Thanks and good luck. 
Keep fighting and learning! 
Thanks. 
Be careful! 
"Donald Trump, Ed Koch, and the Ice Skating Rink: A Tale of Bureaucracy" 
Thanks! 
Thank you, nice work. 
Very kind, thanks. 
Thanks a lot Megan. 
Thanks Colene--very nice! Keep up the good work. 
Karl Rove is a total loser. Money given to him might as well be thrown down the drain. 
Why are people giving money to Karl Rove when he just wasted $400M without any victories? Use your head. 
I have just responded! 
Even better, government kills by drones but we can't even own guns. Thanks Erik. 
Thanks Doris. 
In retrospect I agree with you. 
Wow--thanks. 
Thanks Penn, will be interesting--see you soon! 
Yes. 
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites &amp; possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them. 
Thanks! 
Thanks. 
True and thanks! 
Thanks. 
Thanks Tom. 
I hope so! 
Great--and great city! 
Thank you. 
Great going Mark. 
Thanks! 
Thank you. 
Great! 
In Charlottesville, Virginia... 
My interview with discussing how I will see my $5M lawsuit against to the end 
People like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable, that I work quickly, and that they will be treated fairly. 
Your upgrade has been granted &amp; noted by the front desk. Have a wonderful time at Trump International Las Vegas. 
Terrible CBO forecast for 2013--1.4% GDP growth and 7.5%+ unemployment (really 17%+) You get what you vote for! 
Now A-Rod is claiming that and are "out to get him' He should just get the hell out of NYC already! 
Thanks, enjoy. 
True and thank you. 
Thanks Owen. 
Thanks Jane. 
Thanks Ricardo. 
Thanks. 
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business. 
Just as I predicted, immigration reform will increase the cost of ObamaCare over $300B More money borrowed from China. 
.@sternshow My interview with Howard Stern this morning! 
Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new 'ally' the Muslim Brotherhood hosted Ahmadinejad yesterday No more aid. 
Happy 102nd birthday to President Ronald Reagan. Every day that passes, Reagan's presidency looks better and better. 
Congratulations to on the 11 year anniversary of 'On the Record.' Always enjoy being interviewed by Greta. She's great. 
Okay thanks. 
Via Maher Being Sued by Trump Over Birth Certificate Bet on 'Tonight Show' 
What are the dates for the hotel stay? 
Wow- no longer Saturday delivery from U.S. Postal Service- no money- our poor, poor Country! 
.@NBA Hall of Famer rebounds for a tremendous performance in his return to this year's All-Star Great guy! 
Thanks Andrew. 
Thanks. 
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere. 
Thanks and that's good news. Good luck. 
Thanks Jack! 
Thanks--will do. 
Thanks Paul. 
Thanks. 
True and thank you. 
Thanks. 
Thanks Ric. 
Appears that you are. 
Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results. 
Thanks Nathalie. 
Thanks. 
The best deals are good for everyone, which creates a win-win situation. Negotiation is persuasion more than power. 
Thank you. 
Be smart &amp; work hard! 
Just the beginning! 
Speak to Vince. 
Which hotel? 
Re: immigration. Do the Republicans not realize that Dems will get 100% of 11 million votes no matter what they do? 
Thanks, coming up soon, March 3rd. 
The Art of the Deal. 
Thanks 4 your nice comments today on The View. U were terrific! 
Thanks. 
True! 
True and thanks. 
Mary--Great! 
Great--thank you! 
Keep going! 
Thanks. 
True and thanks. 
With the record high February gas prices hurting the economy, even more reason to start fracking. Will create jobs &amp; lower prices. 
Glad to hear &amp; are standing up to attack on the Tea Party. 
.@BrandenRoderick returns in All-Star 2001 Playmate of the Year is a determined competitor. She is terrific! 
My interview re: blackout, stupid comment &amp; suing f/$5M 
A top firm like Cooley will only submit a case they believe in and can win. 
The big and highly respected Cooley LLP is handling the case for me. 
Hi Erica...and thanks. 
She was great! 
Great! 
Yes. 
Then why do you follow me dummy! 
He was great--loved Kew Forest. 
Nice--thanks. 
Work hard (and smart!) 
They were amazing, thanks! 
Thanks! 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Thanks--work hard. 
No discounts, only penalties! 
Yes--leadership! 
Could be true--thanks. 
Actually, too many to pick one. 
Wow--that would certainly be interesting. 
Then ask: What am I pretending not to see? These two simple questions can pave the way for some very clear answers. 
To entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees, so make it an example that will best serve your success. 
Thanks and yes. 
I am a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. 
Yes. 
Sorry, have to be a member. 
Yes. 
Good luck. 
Thanks Anthony. 
Yes! 
Yes and thanks. 
A great beauty! 
Victoria's Secret reps were nasty to and now she is doing great. 
Now the Chinese are hacking &amp; Twitter When will we hold these thieves accountable? 
China is about to acquire 82,800 net acres of a Texas shale oil and gas field What are we doing! 
March 3rd, 9 pm EST on 
.@marklevinshow has been saying very nice things about me on his show recently. He has a fantastic radio show that I always enjoy! 
True and thanks! 
Thank you. 
Very nice--thanks again. 
Thanks! 
If Karl Rove &amp; Establishment continue to attack the Tea Party, who delivered in 2010, then there will be a 3rd Party in 2016. 
Be sure to listen to my interview today w/@SteveMTalk on Congratulations to Steve on his new show! 
That's good news! 
True and not good! 
Thanks. 
That's right. 
Thanks--my honor! 
Thank you very much. 
And that's okay. 
True and true! 
Sadly, that's right. 
I am very proud of my friend Despite her recent loss,she gracefully performs in the upcoming All-Star 
Thank you. 
I picked seven Super Bowl winners in a row &amp; would have been right last night had the refs thrown the flag. 
The Country is being run just like the stadium. 
The lights went out in New Orleans...the Country's lights went out also. We are not the same place! 
Thanks! 
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation comes from. 
Many thanks. 
Thanks Jay. 
Ask yourself, "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if hard times hit. 
Instinct has a lot to do with timing. You have to be patient &amp; wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move. 
Thanks for your kind thoughts, I love S.I. 
Thanks Drew. Good luck. 
True--good luck! 
Which they should! 
Best buildilng and service. 
Great--enjoy! 
New York. 
As promised, my pick is the San Francisco 
Thanks Deanna. 
March 3rd 9 pm EST on NBC 
The upcoming All-Star puts the celebrities under the hardest tasks we have ever given. We really pushed the envelope 
Hagel's performance yesterday was the worst I have ever seen before a committee of any kind! 
Chuck Hagel showed gross incompetence before yesterdays Senate panel...our new Secretary of Defense. 
Thanks--that's Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower. 
I agree. 
Not even a little bit--thanks. 
Little I want the money not the plaque you gave me! 
The real estate market in Vietnam is booming. Growth is everywhere in the world, except for the US. 
Yes, I will give my pick tomorrow. Watch cover it on 
Thanks and good luck. 
Not really! 
Good ideas and hard work! 
Olivia is great--x10. 
I have a 93% approval rating in Scotland. 
3 minutes. 
Good idea! 
Just did an interview with my friend Congratulations to Mark on his new show on 
Thanks Cynthia. 
"Well-maintained real estate is always going to be worth a lot more than poorly maintained real estate." -- The Art of the Deal 
True! 
I do! 
Not good! 
Thanks. 
True. 
That is indeed true! 
Thank you! 
Only "one of"-- but thanks! 
I agree! 
Good luck! 
Thanks. 
"Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools." - Napoleon Bonaparte 
"Go with your gut. Take chances. If you think you have the ingredients that you need, take chances, because your biggest successes... 
... will happen when you go against the tide; when you take a risk and it works." - Think Big 
Obama's speech in Las Vegas yesterday cost the taxpayer $520 per word and over $1.6M More money borrowed from China. 
Pervert alert--serial sexter is polling to test the waters for NYC political run. 
Thanks Roger--Ali was and is great! 
Thanks--a great building. 
I love that idea! 
That's great--you will love what we are doing! 
True! 
I agree! 
Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new allies in Egypt, the Muslim Brotherhood, just called the Holocaust a "myth" 
RT Donald Trump coined the phrase 'multilevel focusing'--I love it. It is when two ideas intersect &amp; form a new innovation 
Glad to hear has moved over to Erick is a sharp political analyst. 
.@yankees are privately ecstatic over A-Rod's latest doping bust. The evidence is damning don't want him. 
Flashback: "Donald Trump would fire A-Rod" via 10.17.12 
Another nasty season premieres Sunday, March 3rd at 9/8c on NBC! 
Champion is back competing in the upcoming "All-Star" Premiere is March 3rd on at 9 p.m. EST. 
.@AlexSalmond See attached article. Very frightening to people living around these monstrosities 
Thanks. 
Let's see! 
Eric--True! 
True! 
Marilu is a fantastic person &amp; really smart! 
Tea. 
Don--a terrible story (fact). 
Wow--that's really nice! 
Thanks Erol. 
Thanks--stay tuned. 
Thanks Andy. 
Wrong--built world's best golf course that is doing great! 
Horses went up also! 
Thanks Lynn! 
Not even close but that doesn't matter! 
Thanks--they are working on it. 
True! 
Thanks Larry. 
I love all sports! 
He's a druggie. 
Just as I predicted, people are going to be shocked by the rise in premium prices thanks to Obama Care Enjoy! 
Happy Birthday and good luck! 
A-Rod is now being investigated for continued doping have a great opportunity to dump him now. Go for it! 
Thanks Ellie, I will. 
Stay tuned! 
We'll see. 
But not hard enough--good luck Chris. 
Larry, send the money to Police Athletic League, NYC. 
Me too@ A great place. 
Still waiting to hear from Every day he dodges me is one less day that $5M is being used for charity. 
.@TigerWoods is playing like his old self in the Farmers Insurance Open. He will have a great year. 
A-Rod should do the Yankees a favor and never play again. 
Here I am with Whitney Houston at a party at Mar-a-Lago. 
Spain's government is closing down wind turbines--- the maintenance is higher than the income. 
Thanks Ann. 
Dope! 
Thanks Christopher. 
True! 
President Obama's inaugural had record low ratings. What does that portend? 
U.S. small businesses are truly worried about rising healthcare costs and taxes I told you so! 
The Iranians are having 'difficulties' with their nuclear program But no thanks to us! 
.@lisarinna is at the top of her game in the upcoming season of All-Stars. Our fans love her. 
The freezing cold weather across the country is brutal. Must be all that global warming. 
True! 
Thanks Matt. 
True! 
True! 
Not much! 
Radio interview w/ discussing , why NY must start fracking &amp; staying in primary 
Happy Birthday. 
Work hard and smart! 
Hi Nick. 
Everybody says that! Thanks. 
Yes. 
And many other countries! 
But I doubt it! 
But true! 
My pleasure. 
Elliot--I just liked your tone--have a wonderful time at Doral. 
Great! 
Thanks Dirks--my honor. 
Yes. 
100% real! 
The Republicans better be careful. Obama is out to destroy them! 
Thanks Matthew! 
Nathalie--Thanks and best wishes. 
Check her records! 
The real estate market is slowly improving. Still a great time to buy. You will thank me in 5 years. 
Watch Obama push major global warming legislation early in his second term... 
...Terrible for the economy and a job killer. China is laughing at us! 
Be concise. 
.@THEGaryBusey returns to All-Stars this season. His streak of chaos and havoc continues! 
Good idea--enjoy! 
Great and thanks. 
So true! 
Thanks Euan--We will save Scotland's great beauty--no turbines. 
They call me names but that's ok? 
Because my mother was born in Scotland &amp; it will be destroyed by windfarms. 
He had very bad advice. 
Great! 
Have a great time at a great place! 
Thanks--Romney sadly did not resonate! 
Hi Justin. 
Wind farms are now being paid to shut down A complete waste. 
That's true and I love it! 
That is not the reason. 
Sadly true--but it can change. 
Thanks Nick. 
It is Trump! 
Yes I am--I am saving it from wind turbine destruction! 
Thanks Andey. 
Thanks and enjoy. 
Thank you. 
Thanks Scott. 
Thanks Sirio--great food! 
Work hard, be focused and keep your momentum at full speed. 
Do you notice the silence lately on wind turbine monstrosities? The people of Scotland &amp; many other countries are fighting back. 
True! 
Thanks. 
Great! Good luck! 
Work hard and thanks. 
That's true! 
Thanks. 
In 2010 alone our trade deficit with China cost over 566,000 jobs This is unsustainable for the American worker. 
Health insurance premiums are rising by double digits Another tax to the consumer by Obama Care. Enjoy! 
There is no world problem which cannot be solved if people of good will &amp; intelligence want it to be. 
March 3rd on NBC at 9 pm EST 
Please tell me what is going on with the Republicans? 
Exxon donated $250g to Obama's inaugural I guess the Democrats have no problem accepting money from 'big oil.' 
Stamps are going up once again. Now the US postal service will lose even more money. 
Congratulations to on his electoral victory. He will now be the longest serving A great leader. 
Back by popular demand, delivers in the upcoming All-Stars season. Yes, he sings. 
The New York Times should never have moved out of their magnificent, original home... 
... in order to occupy space in a truly ugly office building in a much worse location! 
Happy 8th Anniversary to 
Scary. Over 8,332,000 Americans left the work force during Obama's first term How did Romney lose that election? 
The Tea Party delivered the House for so they could be fiscally responsible. Instead they have been irresponsible! 
One positive from last week for Lance was that everyone was focused on Manti Te'o! Why did Lance do that interview? 
Watch this great behind the scenes video of Spring 2013 photo shoot- 
Republicans are always worried about their general approval. With proposing to 'ignore the debt ceiling' they are ignoring their base. 
The worst negotiators in history (otherwise known as Republicans) have just offered to suspend debt ceiling for four months. Pathetic! 
Ellis--get well soon! 
Thanks and good luck. 
I do--and say hello to Carson. 
Thank you--a great compliment. 
Make sure you are doing what you love to do. You need passion to keep you going. 
Sadly, true! 
Thanks Heidi. 
Thanks Steve! 
Thanks Jedi. 
My interview discussing my video endorsement of and past visits to 
Only tell the political truth--thanks. 
And a dumb guy! 
You were a terrible editor who got fired?--and you were wrong. 
True! 
Here I am with at Mar-a-Lago. 
Of course I do--for good of country! 
Easy--only small area. 
Way beyond! 
Hope so! 
Thanks Bobbie. 
Thanks--enjoy your visit. 
Thanks Tiffany. 
You do, and thanks. 
Very nice, thanks Barb. 
Thanks Timothy. 
Midas Touch is a good choice for those with entrepreneurial interests. 
I don't go away! 
Not looking like it! 
Winning! 
You really sound like a loser no-name! 
Casandra--It's not--thanks. 
He is too smart to do that! 
Thanks! 
Thanks! 
Just success for our country! 
Thanks and enjoy! 
Thanks Myriam--starts on Sunday March 3rd at 9 pm EST 
Emil--great &amp; do well with it! 
Well, he's now paying a big price! 
If the Republicans need a chief negotiator I am always available--or can recommend some really good ones! 
"Socialists think profits are a vice; I consider losses the real vice." - Winston Churchill 
Glad to hear has hired to cover She will be absolutely terrific! Miss USA pageant is proud. 
Get ready for the fireworks between &amp; in 13th season of All Star Neither one will back down. 
...Whether you are a Republican or Democrat we should hope that Pres. does a great job for the country. 
I wish President the best of luck in his second term... 
Wow...NYT reports was the number 1 show in branding on television for all of 2012. 
Republicans and Democrats must come together now to make America great again! 
Happy Birthday tomorrow, Matt 
Most people think small, because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning. The Art of the Deal 
Yes, and thanks. 
Thanks. 
New York should Frack. Thousands of jobs and millions in revenue. NY would be a truly rich state. 
Thanks Hank. 
Not negative! 
Thanks Nick. 
.@_KatherineWebb with some of my memorabilia. 
Yes. 
Thanks Steve. 
They are total losers. 
Wrong! 
Thanks. 
Sad losers! 
Thanks. 
She can't but I adore her. 
Thanks Patrick--a great compliment. 
Dummies had their big payday taken from them by others in the media. 
The interview was great for and terrible for Lance Armstrong! 
.@Oprah was great-- amazing that she got Lance Armstrong to totally destroy his life. Why did he ever do that interview? 
Lance Armstrong did himself great harm last night. Lawsuits &amp; failure will follow him! 
That's Shaquille O'Neal's shoe. 
You wouldn't believe how tall and beautiful is- 6'5" in heels. She is also a total winner in... 
Miss Alabama stopped by to say hello today. 
All time hit leader Pete Rose should now be in the Baseball Hall Of Fame. He has paid his penalty! 
.@Boeing stock went way down because of 787- so I just bought stock in great company! 
The interview with Oprah will cause Lance Armstrong huge legal and financial problems- sometimes it is better to go into a corner and hide. 
I'll bet Lance Armstrong wishes he didn't do the interview with Oprah-- he's saying to himself "what was I thinking?" 
.@HBO should fire and bring back someone that is actually funny. 
Dumbass has still not given me the 5 million he committed to charity--- we just presented him with a demand notice. 
Brent Musburger did himself a great favor by saying what everyone was thinking- he is much more popular now than before. 
...or mentally troubled (or a con). 
The first ever All-Star Celebrity premieres Sunday March 3rd! 
Look, I have always liked Lance Armstrong- I just hated what he did to himself, including recently. His life will now be hell. 
Lance Armstrong was given very,very bad advice! 
Journal News readership is already down 50 percent over the years. 
If everybody sued the Journal News for revealing their info (guns)- paper would go out of business. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. 
Write to Mark Burnett. 
Great! 
Thank you. 
Thank you. 
No 
Thank you- I did! 
Does anyone remember this clip when he got fired from ABC- in fact, fired like a dog! 
has not responded...not a word. His lawyers must have told him to shut up! 
He brought them on himself! 
March 3rd. 
Thanks and enjoy. 
March 3rd. 
Thanks Christian and good luck. 
Glad to hear Derek Jeter just removed his boot and is practicing on the field for Derek is a true champion. 
Our country, under President Obama, is on life support! Great leaders must bring people together. 
Does anyone really believe that Chuck Hagel is sorry for any of his past comments or supports Israel? 
... Is a third party coming? I hope not. 
Thanks Antoine. 
.@Playboy Playmate of the Year returns to the 13th season of All Star is smart &amp; beautiful. 
Wrong! 
Scotland course held up to storm very well. 
Wrong--course held up very well despite monster storm. 
No, held up to storm very well. 
Never bet against Bob Kraft, Bill Belichick or Tom Brady! 
Thanks Bradley. 
Thanks and good luck. 
Thanks, enjoy. 
Thanks. 
Please tune in January 15th at 6:00AM EST, and 6:00PM EST, to the QVC network to watch my wife 
It is snowing in Jerusalem and across Lebanon. Global warming! 
I agree with Pres. Obama on Afghanistan. We should have a speedy withdrawal. Why should we keep wasting our money -- rebuild the U.S.! 
Everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes. You get what you vote for! 
Still waiting for a response from Does he even have $5 million? 
.@nbc did a great job last night with the 
Back by popular demand, returns to the 13th season of All Star She is fierce in the Board Room! 
Just as I predicted, today Obama called for even more tax increases. The Republicans played right into his hands and blew their cards. 
Remember, as a senator, Obama did not vote for increasing the debt ceiling I guess things change when President?! 
Can you imagine if Obama had to give today's press conference before the election? He would have lost. really blew it. 
According to many, and while nominated, I would have won the Emmy many times except for my politics. 
The Republicans have been played into a trap by the President--they forgot the 14th amendment..... 
...and will be very embarrassed unless they get smart fast. 
Peyton Manning should have passed on 3rd down! 
Congratulations to Bob Kraft and Coach Bill Belichick for having built an amazing team. 
Congratulations to Tom Brady -- he is a great quarterback and a great champion! 
Wow, I have just exceeded 2 million followers--and in such a short time! 
Thank you. 
Thank you. 
I will try! 
Thank you. 
Thanks. 
I agree. 
Thanks. 
Our new allies in Egypt the Muslim Brotherhood have close relations with Iran We never should have abandoned Mubarak. 
March 3rd. 
Happy Birthday 
The Republicans are always worried about the press--they should just do what is right. 
The Baldwin family is well represented in the 13th season of All Star with Stephen does great. 
Find work that you love. You have to have passion. That provides motivation. 
2nd segment of my interview discussing insult of parents and sending him $5M bill 
First segment of my interview discussing are terrible negotiators &amp; lost all their cards 
I won't. 
Thanks. 
Thank you. 
Thanks and good luck. 
Great! 
Thanks, we'll see! 
Thanks. 
I won't. 
True! 
I will! 
Thanks! 
Thanks Melanie. 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
"I promoted the hell out of Trump Tower, but I also had a great product." - The Art of the Deal 
Thank you and good luck. 
True! 
Thank you. 
Thanks John. 
Thanks! 
Thanks. 
Thanks Dana. 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
"People love gossip. It's the biggest thing that keeps the entertainment industry going." -- 
Yes. 
March 3rd 

Scary. President Obama told Boehner that the government doesn't have a spending problem 
"Good investors are good students. It's as simple as that." - Think Like a Billionaire 
Thanks Carly, new season starts March 3rd. 
Thanks Brandon. 
Thank you. 
Thanks Dorothy. 
Thank you. 
Thanks and good luck. 
Thanks Jeff 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
My interview discussing new baby, my acceptance of $5M offer &amp; hiring 
New rule for check the law before you make a public absolute offer. 
"Katherine Webb gets a Donald Trump job offer, says she's 'shocked' about the attention" via 
Via "Donald Trump sends Bill Maher birth certificate, awaits $5 million" 
.@NBA hall of famer brings his A game in the 13th season of All Star This time, Dennis is a star! 
Thanks. 
EST 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
I will! 
I will. 
My honor. 
True! They are great. 
Chuck--you are great--thanks! 
So am I. 
True! 
I will! 
True! 
Thanks! 
True! 
I won't. 
Thanks. 
My interview discussing stardom and why apology was unwarranted 
Thank you. 
Thanks. 
"If you want to be a success, you have to get used to frequently hearing the word no and ignoring it." - Think Big 
I hope comes through with his $5 million offer, which I fully accepted, or I will be forced to sue him. All goes to charity! 
"Money may not grow from trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains." - Think Like a Billionaire 
"Experience is the teacher of all things." - Julius Caesar 
"All successful people are high energy people who are passionate about what they do. Find a passion that energizes you." - Think Big 
He's back! returns to cause even more trouble in the13th season of All Star 
Via "Donald Trump wants Katherine Webb for Miss USA judge" 
Great -- Good luck James 
Thank you! 
Thank you. 
Small bright spot in lackluster economy - travel industry added 81,000 jobs in 2012 Trump Org had a record year. 
This is how it starts. Obama is now threatening to use an Executive Order for gun control Welcome to his 2nd term. 
"Chuck Hagel: Wrong For Defense" via 
Hagel has been endorsed by China &amp; Iran for SOD. Welcome to Obama's second term! 
Apparently said something about me on his show yesterday. I was surprised to find out he is on TV. Who knew?! 
Watch spot covering the first annual Trump Invitational at Mar-a-Lago 
The opposite! 
Thanks. Good luck. 
Interesting. 
Thanks (I think)! 
Not true! 
Thanks. 
Thanks Chelsea--you are great! 
I hope pays quickly so that this money can immediately be given to the charities. 
The charities I have designated for donations are: Police Athletic League-New York, March of Dimes, Hurricane Sandy victims.... 
...American Cancer Society, and the Dana Farber Cancer Center. 
I have accepted $5 million offer paid to me for charity (made on the show). 
Lawyers have sent demand notice and necessary documentation. 
Not easy! 
I have and I do. 
Many people agree. 
Great, thanks. 
Great! 
Great and thanks! 
Thanks. 
Easier said than done! 
No. 
Happy New Year Sandra. 
True. is great at what she does. 
Interesting! 
No, but I hate incompetence. 
Great job! 
Seems like it! 
.@FranksFight Keep fighting, Frank! Never give up! 
Happy Birthday Kristine 
Watch Eric at 9 am (EST) today on Fox 5 w/ and David Price to discuss Eric Trump Foundation's $20 million donation to St Jude 
Thanks 
Thanks! 
Stay tuned! 
LaToya is terrific. 
True--just terrible. 
Great--I would rather it be here--by far. 
Stay tuned! 
Thanks Joe. 
True! 
Work hard. 
She's fantastic. 
True! 
Interesting view! 
You should--they are great! 
Thank you. 
Thanks Sean. 
March 3rd. 
The fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of All Star The biggest yet! 
We are going to ask Katherine Webb to be a judge at the Miss USA Pageant coming up in Las Vegas. 
What a great couple... Katherine Webb and AJ McCarron. They are both winners! 
Miss Alabama, Katherine Webb, has been a truly great representative of the Ms. USA Organization ..We are proud of her! 
Thanks! 
I will! 
It is great--thanks! 
Thank you. 
Thank you. 
Thanks. 
Great reminder--thanks. 
Why would Obama ever nominate someone for Sec. of Defense who opposes sanctions against Iran when Obama claims to support them? 
Hi Ethan 
Congratulations to on winning the BCS championship last night! 
Thanks Grant. 
Great! 
Yes, send address. 
True! 
Thanks. 
True! 
Great! 
Trade with China has killed over 29% of US manufacturing jobs in the US China is robbing us blind! 
Thanks! 
You are right. 
Glad to hear my Monday interview continues to get big ratings. Great way to start your week 
thanks--work hard and good luck. 
Thanks 
"Trump Invitational" at Mar-a-Lago was a huge success. Raised millions for charity and was the 1st equestrian event held in Palm Beach. 
.@ewanshearer Happy Birthday 
.@ArsenioOFFICIAL Thx for the good wishes--you are going to have a really big year! 
My interview discussing Chuck Hagel nomination, Republicans terrible deal making &amp; where we go next 
Hi Morgan and good luck. 
Work hard! 
Thank you! 
Take a look at this amazing photo of the cast from the first ever All Star 
"Never, never, never give up." - Winston Churchill 
March 3rd. 
March 3rd. 
The 13th season of All Star is unique. We really pushed the envelope here. Our great and loyal fans will love it. 
To all young entrepreneurs entering the business world - stay positive, focused and remember everything has its ups and downs. 
Make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend. Important for your mind and will help you be productive next week. 
Adele--Happy Birthday. 
True! 
Thanks and Happy New Year. 
Thanks. 
"I aim very high, and then just keep pushing and pushing to get what I'm after." - The Art of the Deal 
Never give up--keep at it! 
"Wealth comes from big goals and sustained action toward those goals every day." - Think Big 
Thanks Jack and Happy New Year. 
You will love it! 
Nobody says this! 
Not great! 
True. 
Thank you! 
True. 
True! 
Thanks Chris 
Yes, I thought Romney would do better--just didn't catch on! 
Doral is doing great! 
Try Never Give Up for lessons in tenacity. 
But a bad one! 
True and true! 
Thanks Heidi. 
I love what is doing. 
They just acted but it was Obama that promised! 
Perhaps so! 
I told you so! 
Thanks 
That is something to think about, isn't it! 
Something used on occasion by many of the world's greatest businessmen. 
Republicans had all the cards but not the guts to make a great deal! 
Great to see Sec. Clinton leaving the hospital yesterday with and Pres. Clinton. Glad she is recuperating. 
Dopey, I never went bankrupt. 
She was great! 
Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Wilson! 
Yes -- 
Thanks--let's see what happens. 
Good place! 
Sounds like it! 
The boardroom has never been as intense as in the upcoming13th season of All Star Premieres March 3rd on 
March 3rd. 
The Art of the Deal is a good start. 
Mimi--perhaps because they are losers. 
I get you! 
I do complain. 
I fully understand your question. 
Thanks, I think! 
I can't believe Republican leadership allowed such a stupid deal to be made. They are rapidly giving up all of their cards. 
Yes, and I am Presbyterian. 
True! 
Wilson--but he probably won't get it. 
Isn't that so true! And by the millions. 
A total mess! 
Third party is tough. 
Greta--Don't let it get you down--you are a winner and Tina is not. 
.@RGIII &amp; &amp; Luck are very special players--will be great playoff games. 
New York City hosted over 52 million visitors in 2012. Record amount visited Trump Tower. 
Congrats to right to be suing over the ridiculous deal made by the trustees of Penn State 
...Remember--I told you so. 
Obama's deal raises taxes on 77% of national households. With Obama Care taxes kicking in now, everyone will be paying for his 2nd term. 
Medicare payments have become so unpredictable that record amount of doctors are now leaving Bad for long term. 
The Republicans must face reality &amp; create a strong &amp; positive immigration policy--if not they will continue to lose elections. 
Congratulations to on celebrating 100 days in her bone marrow transplant recovery. Robin is a special person. 
"Donald Trump praises and welcomes him back to All Star via 
The party of the year in Palm Beach was the New Year's Eve celebration at the Mar-a-Lago Club--it was amazing. 
Does any Republican have the ability to negotiate? 
This is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for Republicans! 
Maybe Boehner will stop this one sided deal in the House...I hope so! 
What is Mitch McConnell thinking?...make the big deal! 
I am a Republican...but the Republicans may be the worst negotiators in history! 
Obama and the Democrats are laughing at the deal they just made...the Republicans got nothing! 
Thanks, it's a wonderful place to be--and Happy New Year. 
Sounds nice--and thanks. Happy New Year to you and yours. 
Visiting New York City? Make sure to skate in the world famous Trump Rink in Central Park Great for the whole family! 
Raising large sums of money for charities--and they do a great job. 
Raising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing Washington could do. So they will probably do it. 
The Art of the Deal is a good start. 
Thanks--have fun! 
Once again Obama is going to lose on another prospective nomination. Chuck Hagel will not be named Sec. of Defense--&amp; probably shouldn't be. 
Obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year. 
March 3rd. 
Any deal completed before the fiscal curb must have tangible cuts on expenditures, in baseline spending, so we can get our credit back. 
The Republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling. They can get everything they want. Focus! 
Thank you. 
My interview re: how the debt ceiling is key point, the fiscal curb &amp; why we must &amp; can make a great deal. 
"True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow, that's what courage is. " - Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf (1934-2012) 
Thank you. Wishing you and yours a Happy New Year too. 
Good luck. 
Thanks--and Happy New Year to you. 
Yes--he is a great guy! 
Thank you. 
Yes! 
Even more--thanks. 
Good. 
I hope so! 
She was great! 
I hate hearing after all of the hard work that never wanted to become President. 
Back by popular demand, the fabulous returns to the record setting 13th season of All Star The fans love him! 
When renovations are completed, Trump National Doral will be the finest resort in the U.S. 
Congratulations to --- the state is really making progress --- and fast! 
Watching these politicians trying to get a deal done is truly painful --- Republicans are in a much stronger position than they think. 
My Monday interview discussing the fiscal cliff negotiations, making the big deal and who has the cards 
From my family to yours...I want to wish you all a very merry Christmas! 
Yes, Regis is the best! 
I agree! 
Sounds like the best place! 
Thanks! 
There is no better place in the world to spend Christmas than Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Florida. 
.@NBC really happy with how well the #MissUniverse pageant went. 
Thanks and good luck. 
Thanks Lisa 
Thank you. 
Happy Birthday Leah 
Thank you Susan. 
How is editor Graydon Carter allowed to run bad food restaurant Beatrice Inn? Fire Graydon! 
Dopey never went bankrupt--ABC already apologized to me for your stupid statement in the past--they didn't want a lawsuit. 
.@Rosie--If America's Got Talent uses you, the show will fail like all your others! 
Thanks Allison! 
Thanks Jaime, Happy Holidays 
I hope so. 
Thanks Matt. 
He is a loser who will self-destruct, just like 
True! 
Thanks--@HuffingtonPost is a total joke--just like 
Thanks Joey! 
"Work hard, play hard and live to the hilt." - Think Like a Billionaire 
"I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest." - Dalai Lama 
Hi John 
Our new Olivia Culpo is not only beautiful but intelligent and accomplished. She is a wonderful role model. 
Kevin--Congrats--you are a winner! 
You get what you vote for. US credit rating is about to be downgraded once again 
Fun! 
The Art of the Deal. 
Good move! 
They were both terrific! 
The Apprentice will be great! 
When I bought the #MissUniverse pageant 13 years ago, it was on life support... 
Ratings for #MissUniverse pageant were highest in 4 years. likes me (and I like them!) 
China is robbing us blind in trade deficits and stealing our jobs, yet our leaders are claiming 'progress' SAD! 
Very wrong dopey! 
Thanks Justin. 
Which magazine went bust under Carter and as I predicted! 
Congratulations to all the Trump 2012 #MissUniverse contestants who came from across the world. You did great and made us all proud! 
You have to love what you do--you need passion to succeed. 
Good reason for a celebration. 
"The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life... 
... So if you want to aim high, you have to have the guts to handle the inevitable bumps in the road." - Think BIG 
I will! 
Great move! 
Hard work but fun. 
Thanks! 
Via "Miss USA Olivia Culpo is crowned Miss Universe" Ratings increase 15% over last year. 
Watch Olivia Culpo crowned as 2012 in the Trump #MissUniverse Pageant 
No, that dope Graydon Carter has hit on me for 25 years. His magazines always fail (see SPY) 
You can and you will--work hard. 
Thanks Kevin, I tell the truth. 
Wrong--Graydon Carter has no talent and looks like shit! Also, his food sucks! 
I agree on both counts! 
I don't. Graydon Carter sends it to me free! 
Be sure to watch #MissUniverse tonight at 8PM on with its first simulcast on 
Dummy Graydon Carter doesn't like me too much...great news. He is a real loser! 
Thanks! 
If Sheena Monnin apologized for her mistake, as she should have, I would have treated her very nicely. 
Sheena Monnin acted terribly...she got what she deserved! 
March 3rd. 
Tweet me tonight who your favorite is during the live telecast of the Miss Universe Pageant. 
Back by popular demand, and are co-hosting tonight's #MissUniverse pageant. They are great! 
Pageant people are really talking about Venezuela, Brazil, Mexico, USA, India, Australia. 
.@VanityFair looks like a dying magazine! Really really boring, really really thin! 
Great idea re minute of silence tonight--thank you. 
.@MissUSA Olivia Culpo has been a star, a young Audrey Hepburn. 
Starts March 3 
Thanks Joe. 
It's a great hotel and city, glad you enjoyed it. 
Via "The Miss Universe contestants glow with elegance during the Trump Holiday Party" 
Hi Jean 
Many people advised me not to buy the Miss Universe pageant. They were all wrong. The deal worked out to be a great one! 
The tragedy in Newtown really makes you understand how life is so fragile. Must appreciate every minute! 
In light of Newtown, our country has to pull together. 
I find the photos of these children killed in Newtown in the New York Post heartbreaking.#Angels 
President Obama spoke for me and every American in his remarks in #Newtown Connecticut. 
In moments like this,we are all just Americans. I join with the President, religious and civic leaders and encourage all to pray today. 
A horrible day for Newtown, CT and our country yesterday. My condolences to all of the families so tragically affected. 
Windmills are destroying every country they touch--- and the energy is unreliable and terrible. 
I never went bankrupt. 
I never went bankrupt. 
I never went bankrupt. 
Dopey, I never filed for bankruptcy. 
Thanks Derek- and true! 
Thanks Hailey- you sound great! 
Thousands of fans have been sending letters to Trump Tower in anticipation of Really good show. 
Watching Pyongyang terrorize Asia today is just amazing! 
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- Abraham Lincoln 
Egypt is a total mess. We should have backed Mubarak instead of dropping him like a dog. 
The gorgeous contestants of Trump Miss Universe are so excited to be simulcast on both and Will be a beautiful show! 
I have helped many friends and colleagues in their business ventures. They always thank me after they succeed. #MIDASTOUCH 
You get what you vote for. 21% of small business owners planning to cut their workforce in 2013 
March 3rd. Tune in! 
Happy Birthday 
The amazing Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles. 
Can you believe the Republicans are studying the Democrats on how to win an election? 
"Argyll grandmother takes UK and EU to the United Nations over plans to turn Scotland into windfarm 'hedgehog' " 
Happy Anniversary Teresa 
The Republicans must use the debt ceiling as leverage to make a great deal! 
March 3rd--tune in! 
"TRUMP: GOP MUST DUMP 'USELESS' ROVE TO WIN PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS" by 
Negotiation tip #2: I always go into the deal anticipating the worst... 
Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. 
Thank you 
Thanks Cody 
Happy Birthday Levi--Work hard! 
The UK is seriously thinking about halting wind turbine subsidies. Good news, killing country. 
Some dope tweeted my message to my friend Bill Belichick incorrectly--they called him Bob. Sorry Bill! 
"Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand. That's the solid foundation that stands the test of time." Midas Touch 
"If you love your work, the difficulties will be balanced out by the enjoyment." Think Big 
Good luck to Bob Kraft, Tom Brady, and Coach Bill Belichick tonight. 
"I believe in spending what you have to. But I also believe in not spending more than you should."-The Art of The Deal 
If the Republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of He is useless. 
I still don't get how spent $400 million &amp; lost all. 
The Ground Zero Mosque should not go up where planned. It is wrong. My offer still stands to buy the property. Good deal for everyone. 
Great win by the yesterday. If they run the table, they will make the playoffs. 
Great knockout on Saturday by Juan Manuel Marquez on Manny Pacquiao. A great fight! 
The government is borrowing 46 cents on every dollar it spends Dangerous for us but great news for China. 
The Chinese are smart. They bought up over $7B in US housing last year U.S. is busy making China even richer. 
China is about to acquire a unit of AIG, which we bailed out, for $5.5B China is making great deals on our backs. 
I just bought stock in Tiffany &amp; Company and McDonald's. Two ends of the spectrum but I like both companies. 
Dopey Sugar You should thank me for having created the platform on which you became known--The Apprentice. Say Thank you Donald 
Dopey Sugar Bad ratings--come on, keep making me money--remember, I own your show. 
Dopey Sugar I hear your ratings last week were at an all time low--you better get them up or you'll be fired. 
Dopey Sugar I never go silent. I was buying a major property in Florida--a property worth more than you are! 
People ask me what I do in my free time. The answer--I don't have any. 
This is such a special time to be in New York City. No better city in the world to celebrate Christmas! 
Many people still out of power in Staten Island. Absolutely ridiculous. Why can't they get service? 
This year's Trump Miss Universe Pageant is comprised of truly beautiful women.Will be simulcast live December 19th on and 
Today's job report is not a good sign &amp; we could be facing another recession. No real job growth. We need over 300K new jobs a month. 
"Quote of the Day: Donald Trump Decrees Boycott on Glenfiddich Scotch" via 
Back by popular demand, TV personality returns in the record 13th season of 'All Star' Marilu does great! 
Via "Donald Trump to Lord Sugar: 'Drop to your knees and thank me'" 
I just retained Sir Nick Faldo to be the architect of the Red Course at Doral--he will do a tremendous job! 
To Tom Brady and Gisele--Best wishes on the birth of your daughter. Tom is a great player and great friend. 
Dopey I'm worth $8 billion and you're worth peanuts...without my show nobody would even know who you are. 
Dopey People are calling in saying you are being beaten badly w/ the tweets... 
...@Lord_Sugar You need the income from the show to keep going--hope it doesn't hurt. 
Dopey Sugar The wind turbines are ruining the beauty &amp; majesty of Scotland... 
.@Lord_Sugar - nice call on predicting that the iPOD would be "dead, finished, gone, kaput" Great business foresight. 
Dopey Sugar.@Lord_Sugar ...Your net worth doesn't even qualify you to host the Apprentice. Keep making me money. 
Dopey Sugar worth more than $8 billion, acknowledged, almost no debt ... 
Sugar Why don't you tell the public what you're really worth--they would be very disappointed. 
Sugar Unlike yours, my financials are phenomenal. People don't know your real numbers &amp; would not be impressed. 
Thank you. 
True! 
"A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." --Douglas MacArthur 
No, his ignorance! 
Sugar should say thank you, Donald, like a good little boy... ... 
Sugar, if you taught Piers Morgan he never would have won! 
We are way over the fiscal cliff. And with Obama Care being fully implemented in less than 14 months, it may be too late. 
Alex Rodriguez has played under 140 games in each of the last five seasons. He will miss half of next season. Really bad deal for 
Dopey in the mirror and thank the real Lord that Donald Trump exists. You are nothing! 
I easily could but as long as Sugar is making me money (it's my show) I won't--unlike Sugar, I'm not stupid! 
When I made the Apprentice the #1 show in the US, that was a good day for you... 
... and many others. Drop to your knees, Sugar, and say thank you, Mr. Trump. 
Sugar: working hard so I make plenty of $ with your show... 
...You have little persona, but The Apprentice concept is great and lucky for you! 
Sugar: you, I own The Apprentice. You were never successful enough... 
.@Lord_Sugar If you think ugly windmills are good for Scotland you are an even worse businessman than I thought... 
... and, in my opinion, should not be doing The Apprentice. 
Dopey, same people voting over &amp; over again? Andy Murray #1 by far. 
When I renovated Wollman Rink in Central Park, it came in $750,000 under budget.. 
... and opened a full month ahead of schedule. Case is taught in Wharton. 
Work hard and love what you do! 
Thanks and yes! 
Thank you. 
Thanks Darlene. 
Thanks Rob! 
My support of Anna Wintour for Ambassador got a lot of coverage. She is smart and will be a strong advocate for the US. 
Karzai of Afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement. They are dropping us like dopes. Get out now and re-build U.S.! 
Wow--very nice! 
Don't be so sure! 
Work hard! 
Kris, great place, enjoy! 
He is a loser--Andy Murray is a winner! 
I built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world--lots of tourism--you shouldn't! 
Is PM Cameron a dummy? With monumental cuts in UK spending, how come he continues to spend billions of pounds ... 
Scots should boycott Glenfiddich garbage for not choosing great Olympic &amp; U.S. Open champ Andy Murray over total loser Michael Forbes. 
I will! 
And you looked great last night Lara. 
Your performance was great last night--BQ will win. 
The greatest compliment of all--thanks! 
Thanks Rod--you're a great player and guy. 
True--but keep up the good work! 
Dave Brubeck was great and will be missed! 
Thanks! 
So do most smart people! 
Thank you. 
Soon--thanks. 
True--thanks. 
Thank you. 
is such an embarrassment that is keeping him off air Rove should be out of politics. A total loser! 
Thanks 
Thank you. 
Thank you 
.@danabrams Dan, of course stories on me do well. Glad you have found a medium you can actual do well on. TV was not your forte. 
I am happy to hear that Pres.Obama is considering giving Anna Wintour an ambassadorship. She is a winner &amp; really smart! 
You would not even believe how dirty &amp; disgusting his property is--clean it with joke Glenfiddich. 
I know you are jealous of Forbes &amp; a total loser. 
Thanks 
Thanks 
.@GeorgeTakei is doing really well &amp; soon coming to Broadway. 
Can't pick a favorite--thanks. 
We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties. 
David--I hear you are jealous &amp; angry that Forbes got the award over you--two losers! 
Yes--it is great! 
Thanks Jeff. 
Happy Birthday Andrew 
Thanks--and good luck. 
Thanks. 
If you are planning to visit the world famous Trump Tower Atrium, be sure to come early. During the holiday season it is packed by 10AM 
The addition of the iconic Doral Resort to the Trump portfolio is one of the most exciting transactions 
The stock of my shirt and tie maker just hit an all-time high--great going--great product! 
.@danabrams, editor of explained on radio this morning that I am so widely covered because I draw high interest. True! 
QB is a very special player. He is exciting to watch and smart on the field. Amazing talent. 
Congratulations to David Wright on signing a long term extension with the David is an exceptional player and person. 
Fan favorite once again shines in the record 13th season of 'All Star' He is an amazing &amp; wonderful guy! 
Larry, thank you and keep up the great work! 
Thanks Wendy. 
Thanks, it will be great. 
Thanks. 
But hard work! 
Just completed purchase of magnificent Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida. Will be renamed Trump National Golf Club &amp; be tremendous success. 
The Democrats have zero intention of coming to any deal on the "fiscal cliff." They will raise taxes and blame it on the Republicans. 
Logan: You are wrong on this--@piersmorgan is a tough &amp; talented guy--&amp; very loyal--a rarity in life. 
Michael Forbes lives in a pigsty and bad liquor company Glenfiddich gave him Scot of the Year award... 
True! 
I take great pride watching skaters enjoy the #TRUMP Rink in Central Park from my office--world's best skating rink 
Happy Birthday and best wishes. 
The Daily Snooze publishes lies about me. They should be ashamed but it will die very soon. 
Gold just set another record high on price with the largest physical gold sales on record Inflation is coming... 
I am very proud of for her work with is a great cause helping children 
.@nbcnightlynews (Brian Williams, anyone?) says women warriors are "every bit as tough as the guys." Just think about that statement! 
Was with yesterday--great golfer, great architect, great guy! 
I'll be honored at the Family Business Dynasties Gala in NYC on December 5th. It will be a great event for a great cause. 
Thank you to for her wonderful acknowledgement this morning on 
... The NY Daily Snooze totally lied and never even called my kids! 
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles--it fronts the Pacific Ocean and is spectacular. 
Try Trump Grill in Trump Tower. Excellent food, good prices. Enjoy your visit. 
France is losing its businesses and wealth rapidly and day by day. 
Very nice, thanks. 
NYPD Officer Larry DePrimo has made the entire city proud with a his generous act of kindness NYC loves the NYPD. 
Thanks! 
Motivation is key, so is momentum. 
Congratulations to for winning November in the cable news rating race with 9 of 10 top shows 
Team Trump with the recipients of our donations in the Rockaways. #Sandy 
Hi Sage 
I agree--and thanks. 
Thanks! 
Thanks--you will love it. 
You won't be disappointed! 
Golf Odyssey, one of golf's most respected publications, just named Trump International Golf Links Scotland "golf course of the year" 
Always enjoy appearing on &amp; were terrific yesterday. 
A clip from guest hosting yesterday on discussing Halle, Angus and Gen. Petraeus 
While Derek Jeter is training every day in the off season, reports come out that A-Rod is partying all over the country. Go Derek. 
. child molestation sex scandal is the latest in continued downward spiral of BBC.I know personally they do not check for accuracy 
As a favor to my friends at EXTRA, I am co-hosting tonight at 7 p.m. on 
Crude is about to pass $90/barrel. The OPEC monopoly must be broken. They are robbing our country blind. 
Steven Spielberg is a great filmmaker. Go see "Lincoln." 
Agreed. 
Thanks! 
"Ivanka Trump defends her dad" via 
The Countryside Party just formed in Scotland to fight ugly wind turbines &amp; Congrats to Jim Crawford &amp; Countryside Party. 
Scottish government having huge backlash on wind turbines. is becoming very unpopular. 
"A look at the Trump hotel planned for the Old Post Office pavilion" via 
FM of Scotland spent more than $750,000 of taxpayers $ to visit Ryder Cup in Chicago--peanuts compared to his windmill folly. 
Jerry Finkelstein passed away last night--a great New York mover &amp; shaker &amp; a really great guy! 
Thanks! 
Good luck Joe! 
... where he raised 2 million dollars for the wonderful kids. Eric has a great heart! 
I always enjoy speaking to young aspiring entrepreneurs. They are hungry, motivated and eager to learn. Proves America can still be great. 
Visiting LA? Be sure to make a reservation at Trump National Golf Club The #1 public course in the country! 
7 of 10 Americans prefer 'Merry Christmas' over 'Happy Holidays' No surprise. 
Susan Rice is a good woman but Pres. O should not taunt the Republicans by appointing her S of S... 
...Get along &amp; make deals for the good of the country! 
Be sure to visit the world renowned Trump Tower Atrium to see our holiday decorations.
http://t.co/77T7dnHW 
Why do the Republicans always negotiate against themselves in public? Watching them operate these fiscal negotiations is painful. 
I just left the Doral in Miami--it is going to be amazing!
http://t.co/evfQOIPQ 
Anthony Hopkins is a truly great actor--I love everything he does! 
Thanks 
Thanks Debbie 
A great place! 
Thanks 
Ivanka is a great example. 
Congratulations and all the best to you. 
March 3rd. 
They raise a great deal of money for good causes and work hard at it. 
Thanks--it will be great. 
Are you ready for the All Star is back in the upcoming season...which is the best yet! 
Join to get to 100k followers. Beautiful girl with stage 4 cancer.

http://t.co/s3AKcvk1 
China just landed a jet on an aircraft carrier stolen from a U.S. design. We should offset the thievery from our debt.. 
...It's called intellectual property rights, something they know nothing about. 
US tourists threaten to boycott Scotland over windfarms' Write to Alex Salmond: firstminister@scotland.gsi.gov.uk 
The Muslim Brotherhood dictator in Egypt is bad news. He will never be our true ally! 
With the economy still on a downward trajectory, the best investment young people can make now is buying property... 
...and borrow cheap! You will thank me someday. 
This will be the best season yet..March 3rd is the premiere. 
Thanks, it was wonderful. 
Thanks and Happy Holidays. 
Trump Tower is decorated and the city looks beautiful. Enjoy! 
Agreed. 
Glad to see my interview with Ronald Kessler Hopefully the can get the message. 
.@HuffingtonPost actually gave me a positive story yesterday! 
RT Donald Trump: Mean-Spirited GOP Won't Win Elections via 
"You have to set higher and higher goals. You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast." -- Think Big 
"Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare." -- Dale Carnegie 
"A president either is constantly on top of events or, if he hesitates, events will soon be on top of him... 
... I never felt that I could let up for a moment." -- Harry S. Truman 
"Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely... 
Glad to see 9 more Iraq and Afghan war veterans joining the next Congress They deserve to be there! 
"In war there is no substitute for victory." -- Douglas MacArthur 
Windmills are a bigger safety hazard than either coal or oil A 34% higher mortality rate than coal alone. Outrageous! 
If taxes are raised to avoid the fiscal cliff, then they must be accompanied by tangible, hard cuts on spending everywhere. 
"Most people can learn from their own experiences quite well, but many ignore the experiences and lessons of others." -- The Way To The Top 
Congratulations to the Rolling Stones on marking their 50th anniversary in London. 
If you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt 
Hope everyone enjoyed their Thanksgiving. But get ready, our country is in big trouble! 
My kids never negatively discussed my criticism of President Obama with me or anyone...it's not in their nature! 
The dishonest NY Daily News reporter advised my rep in writing, "story is dead" and then put it out anyway. A total lie and she knew it! 
The dying NY Daily News put out a false report about my kids not wanting me to criticize Obama...totally false! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING to everyone--I love you all, even my many enemies (sometimes!). 
On December 19th the pageant will be broadcast live in over 190 countries to one billion viewers. 
"It does not cost anything to dream. Spend your time enjoying your big dreams." -- Think Big 
I am having 600 Thanksgiving dinners sent to the Rockaways--prepared by my wonderful Trump Grill/Trump Tower staff. #SandyRelief 
For those asking, my son, makes zero $$ running his charity &amp; raises a great deal of $$, all of it for 
Direct foreign investments continue to flow into China at over $100B a year That's money that could be spent here. 
I hope Washington makes a good deal to avert the fiscal cliff. Both sides need to work together. 
.@latoyajackson is once again at the top of her game in the upcoming All Star season of Amazing in the boardroom... 
.@TrumpSoho has just been awarded the AAA Five Diamond Award. Congratulations to the team for this great recognition of their amazing work. 
"A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities... 
...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties." -- Harry S. Truman 
"We are not retreating--we are advancing in another direction." -- Douglas MacArthur 
The Holiday Season in New York City is a very special time. I love seeing and meeting the many tourists who visit the #TRUMP Tower atrium. 
It will be great! 
Thanks! 
Thanks! 
Work hard! 
True! 
Thanks! 
I am very truthful! 
Love what you do! 
Thank you! 
A great compliment. 
Thanks Keith! 
"If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking." --George S. Patton 
Obama met with Chinese Premier Wen yesterday and talked trade. The Chinese are robbing us blind--be tough! 
France was just stripped of its AAA bond rating. With the PMs radical tax rates... 
...expect the country to be further downgraded in the future. The rich are all leaving! 
"The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself." -- Douglas MacArthur 
I was nice to loser and she attacked me--it just shows never let up with a bully. They only fade when you hit them hard! 
I am going to give a pass. is desperate to get back on TV so she can be on yet another show that can be quickly canceled. 
A must read for any country or community considering wind turbines. 
The EU just dropped their self-imposed carbon tax. I bet they wish they had all that money back! 
"What you dream about is what you do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big."--Think Big 
The is doing amazing work helping the children... 
... at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital -- I am proud of you Eric. 
We should remember that during this entire Petraeus episode,over 50 of our nation's bravest have died in Afghanistan... 
... It is time to get out and rebuild our own nation. 
Washington must come together on a deal to avoid a fiscal cliff. If taxes are raised, they must come with real, hard cuts. 
"Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. " -- Mark Twain 
Remember victims of Hurricane Sandy during Thanksgiving. Many will not be celebrating the holiday in comfort.Their lives are in turmoil! 
Dummy--I never went bankrupt. 
Petraeus is already negotiating a book deal. Smart. Always negotiate when you are a hot commodity! 
"Don't take vacations. What's the point? If you're not enjoying your work, you're in the wrong job." -- Think Like A Billionaire 
Rapper Mac Miller's song, "Donald Trump" has reached close to 72 million hits. He owes me big! 
Reports are out there that many CEOs of charities are getting overpaid, while their causes are seeing very little... 
... ...Do your research before donating this holiday season! 
.@unicef Caryl M. Stern CEO is driving around in a Rolls Royce... 
...while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. She should be ashamed! 
The Hostess closing did not have to happen--should have been an easy deal to make. 
Does anyone really believe that President Obama found out about Petraeus immediately after the election? 
Everybody tells me not to hit back at the lowlifes that go after me for PR--sorry, but I must. It's my nature. 
My interview discussing the Benghazi cover-up, Hostess' closing &amp; celebrating Thanksgiving with family 
.@chelseahandler--stop calling my office for me to do your rather "gross" show--I have less interest in you than Andre. 
It makes me feel so good to hit "sleazebags" back -- much better than seeing a psychiatrist (which I never have!) 
The Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach is one of the most successful places on earth in raising money for charity--a great feeling! 
Lauren--you are fantastic and an inspiration. 
.@LaurenScruggs, who was badly injured by an airplane, was great on The Today Show! 
Now China is trying to take over a U.S. airbase This is only the beginning. They only understand toughness! 
With the run on our dollar about to take place, commodity prices will rise. Gold, silver, &amp; timber will spike-- also, certain real estate. 
Fiscal cliff negotiations have officially begun between the President and Congress---Washington must come together and make a deal. 
Congratulations to on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the CY Young award! 
"I have an open door policy for my employees. I'm accessible because I like to know what's going on." -- The Midas Touch 
who was badly injured by an airplane, was great on The Today Show! 
"A house divided against itself cannot stand." --Abraham Lincoln 
President Obama, we need to protect our closest ally, Israel. The situation in the Middle East is at a tipping point. 
You are very nice, thank you. 
Thanks! 
True! 
They must actually like me! 
Thanks! 
Thanks! 
Good! 
I understand your message. 
It is, thanks. 
If the government doesn't start working together, the media is right &amp; we will hit a "fiscal cliff." We need to avoid this. 
With our record debt &amp; trillion $ deficits, our $ is now at an all-time low against the Chinese Yuan. Time for our gov't to work together. 
Yesterday the Christmas tree arrived at Rockefeller Plaza. An iconic event for New York! 
"Donald Trump's Guns" by 
Announced 3 years ago that Scottish course would close in winter, like Kingsbarns and others--too cold. 
I agree! 
Our country is being torn apart from the inside--it's getting nasty out there. 
I agree 
Fantastic! 
You sound great! 
Interesting! 
I will Paul, thanks. 
I did--thanks for remembering. 
Thank you Joey 
Thanks Erek 
Just signed contract to purchase the Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida--great land, great location, great future! 
.@WendyWilliams Thanks for the nice statement, especially about my wife and kids- very much appreciated. 
I agree, he is amazing. 
Thanks Mark 
Thanks! 
Social media has changed the news &amp; communication landscape for good. Everything must be up to date by the second instead of the hour or day 
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral. 
"I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell."
--Harry S. Truman 
Had a great time going over renovations for Trump National Doral this past weekend. It is going to be amazing. 
Celebrate 2013 with downtown's nicest #NYE party. Get your tickets now: 
Gen. Petraeus has agreed to testify in the Senate on Benghazi. I will be watching. 
Help those affected by #Sandy. is giving $10 per booking made by 11/23 to for #sandyrelief. 
"You can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much." - The Art of the Deal 
The upcoming record 13th season of is going to be very special. Our production team's ingenuity is amazing. 
Sunday, March 3--thanks! 
He is on and he's great! 
Don't be scared--we will come back. 
"First of all, you don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal." -- The Art of the Deal 
General Petreus and his family are paying a big price! 
.@cher should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career! 
Paula Broadwell's book on Gen. Petreus is titled "All In." Did she know something? 
Our $17T national debt and $1T yearly budget deficits are a national security risk of the highest order. 
Don't forget Benghazi. 
The sex scandal at the CIA and Pentagon is rapidly unfolding--getting more interesting by the minute! 
...they are costly, inefficient, bird killing, community destroying machines. They are obsolete! 
My fragrance--"Success"-- is flying off the shelves The perfect Christmas gift! 
.@davidaxelrod David--Thank you, my great honor for a very worthy cause! 
Surprise-In a post-election delayed release, food stamp rolls surged to biggest monthly increase and an all-time high 
Yesterday was Veterans Day. I hope our armed service members felt appropriately honored. This nation loves and respects all of you. 
We just passed 1.9M followers &amp; gained over 250,000 followers in the last month.Thank you--let's have fun and do business. 
When someone attacks me, I always attack back...except 100x more. This has nothing to do with a tirade but rather, a way of life! 
I am a very calm person but love tweeting about both scum and positive subjects. Whenever I tweet, some call it a tirade..totally dishonest! 
The people of Scotland love Trump International Golf Links. 
Many political pundits are using the term "Art of the Deal".... they should thank me. That is my term and book title. 
"Never ever quit, never give up" - Donald J. Trump, The Art of the Deal. 
Thanks- many are saying I'm the best 140 character writer in the world. It's easy when it's fun. 
I love Twitter.... it's like owning your own newspaper--- without the losses. 
I'm a skeptical guy, but I don't believe Petraeus used this to get out of the Benghazi hearings. 
I just passed a 10 block long gas line going to LGA airport, a terrible situation! 
Price gouging at many gas stations, $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world. 
.@cyndilauper Condolences on the passing of your uncle, and best wishes. 
.@antbaxter I predict somebody is going to sue you! 
is a huge hit all over the world. Your cheap &amp; boring documentary is a tremendous flop. 
I received such a nice letter today from someone who took refuge in Trump Tower during Sandy. It was my pleasure to help. 
Robert Pattinson is putting on a good face for the release of Twilight. He took my advice on Kristen Stewart...I hope! 
The election was a major setback for economy. All young entrepreneurs should be sure to calculate Obama's policies into their investments. 
Of the 9 battleground states, we only carried North Carolina. I'm proud of &amp; glad I delivered keynote at their state convention. 
Remember to watch the series finale of "The Men Who Built America" this Sunday at 8/7c on 
Polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for Obama on his win- isn't that ridiculous? 
Romney campaign used me in 6 primary states and won every one- they should have used me in Florida and Ohio &amp; he would be President. 
Remember to watch the series finale of "The Men Who Built America" this Sunday at 8/7c on 
China is heavily investing in building its own jet engine They will end up stealing the design from us as usual. 
China's submarines will soon be carrying nukes They will be sent to patrol our coasts, Obama won't do anything. 
China's Communist Party has now publicly praised Obama's reelection. They have never had it so good. Will own America soon. 
At the end of the day, Obama won the battleground states by less than 500,000 votes. This was a winnable race. GOP needs to do better! 
With taxes set to go up and Obama about to cut the mortgage deduction, now is the time to buy a house if you can. Can get a great deal. 
.@davidaxelrod I'm sending you a check to help find a cure. says hi. 
No surprise that all the foreign countries are celebrating Obama's win. They love a weak America that they can rip off. 
Obama's administration is now openly admitting it expects US credit downgraded again Thanks for letting us know now 
I will and I agree! RT you can't possibly make any more money. so why don't you make a difference instead?! 
I started to get very worried about Mitt's chances when I heard that A-Rod donated to his campaign. Everything A-Rod touches turns bad. 
Russian leaders are publicly celebrating Obama's reelection. They can't wait to see how flexible Obama will be now. 
It is that time of the year. The Trump Wollman Skating Rink is open to the public in Central Park. The greatest ice rink in the country. 
Letterman had Brian Williams as guest last night, I was on last Thursday 
Tweet me back if u think we should start a petition to fire for his comments on Sandy &amp; the death &amp; destruction it caused. 
A test: tweet me the reason was fired from (other than his bad ratings). 
Now that the election is over, watch Chrysler ship production to China--my prediction. 
It has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle. We will fight on! 
Beijing had a bigger celebration than Chicago last night. The Chinese are happier with the election than we are. 
The stock market and US dollar are both plunging today. Welcome to second term. 
Congrats to on blowing $400 million this cycle. Every race ran ads in, the Republicans lost. What a waste of money. 
Pervert alert. is back on twitter. All girls under the age of 18, block him immediately. 
Amazing, various celebrities were far harsher than me with political statements--- but media doesn't care about... 
It's freezing and snowing in New York--we need global warming! 
We have to make America great again! 
Our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together! 
Another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it! 
This was the Republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow. 
Brian, if I'm "well past the last exit to relevance" how come you spent so much time reading my tweets last night? 
Brian Williams was never a smart guy but always passes himself off as such. People will learn the truth! 
Brian, I hope isn't paying you too much--look at what's happening to nightly news. 
Brian--Thanks dummy--I picked up 70,000 twitter followers yesterday alone. Cable News just passed you in the ratings. 
.@bwilliams--wouldn't you love to have my ratings? 
.@bwilliams knows that I think his newscast has become totally boring so he took a shot at me last night. 
Trump volunteers were out early today to offload cases of food and supplies for hard-hit Rockaways residents #Sandy 
P.S. 42 in Queens is getting a truckload of food and much needed supplies for Rockaway residents #HurricaneSandyRelief 
House of Representatives shouldn't give anything to Obama unless he terminates Obamacare. 
Hopefully the House of Representatives can hold our country together for four more years...stay strong and never give up! 
The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy. 
Our nation is a once great nation divided! 
Our country is now in serious and unprecedented trouble...like never before. 
This election is a total sham and a travesty. We are not a democracy! 
Lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! The world is laughing at us. 
We can't let this happen. We should march on Washington and stop this travesty. Our nation is totally divided! 
Well, back to the drawing board! 
thanks for your nice statement on Access Hollywood. You are a great person and talent...I adore you! 
"Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light." --George Washington 
Whoever wins today, remember that tomorrow we still have a country struggling. Our work is not done until America is strong again. 
.@MRbelzer is a stone cold loser with no talent--why did they ever put him on "Law and Order?" 
I love show "Law and Order" but the casting is the worst ever. No talent--unwatchable! 
I have had the pleasure of getting to know &amp; this past year. They love America. Let's push them over the top today. 
Do we still want a President who bows to the Saudis and lets OPEC rip us off? Make America strong, vote for 
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina. There is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet. 
.@ABFalecbaldwin Alec--it's not science, it's a con--read the e-mails. 
Thanks Gary. 
Obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the American public. He can't. 
Watch Obama refuse to call Benghazi a terrorist attack on 9.12 What took so long to release this footage? 
If you experience any harassment or heckling at the polling places from Obama supporters, make sure you report it immediately. 
Now Chinese state run companies are taking over our coal market China wants to deplete our resources here at home. 
Yesterday Obama campaigned with JayZ &amp; Springsteen while Hurricane Sandy victims across NY &amp; NJ are still decimated by Sandy. Wrong! 
Make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote. If you have any problems, notify the poll workers. 
More reports of voting machines switching Romney votes to Obama. Pay close attention to the machines, don't let your vote be stolen 
My interview discussing the close election, the enthusiasm gap between Mitt &amp; Obama &amp; the fiscal cliff 
Save Medicare. Vote for He will repeal Obamacare on day one. 
Very dangerous pattern developing across country by Obama supporters. Detroit poll watcher was threatened with gun 
Make sure to vote today. Vote for real change. Change that will deliver jobs and a free &amp; strong America. Vote for 
The New Black Panthers are back at the same Philly polling station from '08 Don't let them intimidate you! 
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive. 
Watch this behind the scenes video of Fall 2012 collection photo shoot- 
Me voting--- it really is my hair! 
I never went bankrupt. 
Thanks 
Yes! 
Remember: Obama turned down $5M to charity which I said I would increase by 10X to $50M--just to show simple records. He's hiding lots! 
"If you voted for Obama in 2008 to prove you were not a racist then vote for Romney in 2012 to prove you are not stupid." Thanks Walter D! 
The Apprentice was the #1 show on television last season on Sunday from 10 to 11 --- congratulations Donald! 
Despite the upcoming election, the cover of paper-thin Time Magazine looks like an ad for the movie Lincoln--sad! 
Before you vote, think: Obama wants to raise taxes, wants to lower taxes--need I say more! 
Why is Obama playing basketball today? That is why our country is in trouble! 
Answer to your questions- I will be voting at 10:30 AM at Lighthouse International 110 East 60th Street, Manhattan 
Go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time! 
Tune in for #TrumpTuesday on tomorrow morning. 
The outer boroughs of Manhattan are still devasted by Sandy. How would the press cover this if a Republican was President. 
.@ABFAlecBaldwin P.S. Your brother is doing very well on he stated he "adores you." 
.@ABFAlecBaldwin They were rising in the 1950's then went back down--they will go up and down through eternity. 
Voting for is voting for Obama--don't waste your vote! 
---- Do you mean the President's birthplace? 
.@mcuban Letterman had his best ratings with me--and you bombed. People don't care about Mark Cuban. 
After 13 seasons, easily beat Shark Tank in ratings last year-- better demos as well. 
Obama just stated "It's always good to ignore Donald Trump." I state he is right, especially when the truth is against him. 
"I believe in the America that never gives up, never stops striving, never ceases believing in itself." -- 11.2.12 
Thank you! 
True! 
Like Al Sharpton, apologized to me for calling me a racist on accepted! 
Don't believe Chrysler (if Obama wins)--see how fast production will be moved to China--and I'll be watching! 
.@mcuban When Apprentice became the #1 show on tv you tried copying me with The Benefactor- a complete and total ratings disaster for 
Dummy is at it again trying to use me to get publicity for himself! 
My interview discussing endorsement of tomorrow's election and Sandy's victims 
Nice mention by Brian Kelly 
http://t.co/XFLDdwZZ Conservative Action Alerts 
We can't destroy the competitiveness of our factories in order to prepare for nonexistent global warming. China is thrilled with us! 
Great article in the by Ben Garrett--"Don't Blame Sandy on Global Warming" 
Get out tomorrow and vote so that we can all finally say those magic words--- 
Thank you to for your nice statement about me in the 
.@CNN is looking at Jeff Zucker to lead them out of the forest--Jeff would be a great choice. 
Remember, go vote--we need real change this time. 
Must be careful &amp; smart! 
Then he wouldn't be president. 
No, his facts are very bad for him. 
Yes. 
.@ralphreed is doing a great job! 
"This is a time for big ideas. This is a time for real reform for a real recovery." -- 
Remember when you vote, Obamacare is a disaster! 
will turn this mess around! 
Make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go Romney! 
Trump Hotels are delivering lots of food to storm victims...we love doing it! 
Gary Johnson is asking people "to waste" their vote on him. Make it count - vote for 
Obama's war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years. 4 more years?? 
Undecideds in OH,PA and WI will make the difference. All should ask themselves if they want $6/gallon gas because it will come under Obama. 
Pennsylvania is in play All undecideds in Philly suburbs should ask themselves - who do you trust most on 
I think should take this challenge. Axelrod was too scared. RT: Kaufstache vs. Sharpstache. 
In the heart of the city, Trump International Toronto is the city's most elite property True luxury at its finest. 
Members from Obama's own job council are endorsing Not surprising 
Concerns over the national debt are stopping businesses from hiring and expanding Obama's policies are unsustainable 
Castro, Chavez and Ahmadinejad are all anxiously awaiting our election results. They are praying Obama wins. 
Obama promised 5.2% unemployment by October 2012. His promises are worthless! 
"Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther." -- J.P. Morgan 
Could be the hurricane helps are rioting in the streets over gasoline 
A wonderful place. 
Global warming is based on faulty science and manipulated data which is proven by the emails that were leaked 
I have an idea for A-Rod---buy a home at overlooking the Pacific--will bring you better luck. 
A-Rod is now looking for an expensive home in Beverly Hills--why aren't the terminating his contract for misrepresentation? 
.@eagles should sit Michael Vick. He is a great athlete but less than average quarterback. 
Obama our Welfare &amp; Food Stamp President, is praising himself for expanding welfare He doesn't believe in work. 
"We don't need a Secretary of Business to understand business, we need a president who understands business and I do" -- 
Unemployment is now 7.9%. Four years and $6.5T later, that is really bad! 
How about President Obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction. 
Interestingly, the hurricane may now be a disaster for Obama's reelection because of his grandstanding. 
People are struggling to get gasoline for their cars--we are like a third world country. 
I'm sending lots of bottled water out to Staten Island &amp; Long Island. 
.@TheRevAl came to my Trump Tower office to apologize for calling me a racist--very nice, apology accepted! 
.@BarbaraJWalters called my office to ask me to do election night coverage with her--sadly, I won't be able to do it. 
.@RalphGilles of Chrysler should focus on design rather than filthy language--not very professional. 
We should not allow to move jobs to China after they said they wouldn't--stay tuned! 
.@Chrysler disputes my statement--but watch Chrysler move jobs to China after the election. 
With long gas lines &amp; total disarray from storm, the hurricane may yet be a negative for Obama. 
It was announced this morning that unemployment rose--this can't be good for Obama. 
How could Obama leave those American heroes out to die in Benghazi? And he continues to lie to the public! 
What is your thought as to why Obama refused millions for charity and did not show his records and applications? 
Nice to see Obama released a situation room photo from Sandy. How about releasing the photo taken during Benghazi? 
Everybody knows why Obama would not show his college applications --- they are just not willing to say! 
If I would have offered Obama a billion dollars to show his records, he would have refused. 
My video response to President Obama's lack of transparency. 
Press release. Video response to follow. 
I will soon be releasing my response to the fact that President Obama refused to show his applications and records to the public. 
President Obama missed the deadline! 
Obama is a terrible negotiator. He bails out Chrysler and now Chrysler wants to send all Jeep manufacturing to China--and will! 
To all supporters, make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can GOTV on election day. 
You know the world is crazy when New York gets hit by a hurricane-- and Florida doesn't. 
Let's continue to destroy the competitiveness of our factories &amp; manufacturing so we can fight mythical global warming. China is so happy! 
Do you believe is blaming global warming for the hurricane? 
From 1954 to 1960 there were 10 major hurricanes that hit the East Coast. 
It's 10 AM: Two hours to go for Obama to easily pick up millions for charity! 
"The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way." -- Dale Carnegie 
Thanks! 
Obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a President--give me a break. 
A lot of people are concerned about which charity my $5M will be donated to. The onus is on Obama to first release his records. 
President Obama, if it is important to you, I will substantially increase the $5M offer! 
President Obama, please take the $5M check for charity tomorrow. It is so easy and could do so much good! 
Thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the Trump Tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of #Sandy. My honor. 
Congratulations to on getting the &amp; endorsements! 
Spoiler--@dennisrodman has really got his act together so far on the upcoming season of 
How does a dummy like get a television show--&amp; his ratings stink. You'd think could do a lot better. 
Looking at the figures and plans behind acquisition of Lucas Film makes you realize how stupid (cont) 
.@Disney's acquisition of Lucas Film is a smart deal for both sides. Disney just bought a great brand which will keep producing revenue. 
In the spirit of transparency, Obama should immediately release the 9.11 tape of Tyrone Woods pleading for military support in Benghazi. 
Today Barack Obama is standing in water in NJ. Remember on election day that he has put the US underwater. 
How many illegal foreign donations will Obama collect this final week? Another scandal ignored by the liberal media. 
Congratulations Kevin Gabriel on your amazing article. If I were a journalist this would be the next Watergate, and I would be a star. 
An amazing article by Kevin Gabriel- A must read by friends and foes of President Obama. End date is tomorrow at noon. 
.@oreillyfactor called me a "master marketeer" last night--I am not. I am a great builder--I build great things &amp; people come. 
Part 2 of my interview giving away some spoilers &amp; discussing 2012 Miss Universe Pageant 
Part 1 of my interview discussing my $5M offer to Obama, #TRUMP Tower atrium, my tweets &amp; 57th st. crane 
Kevin Garnett's response to Ray Allen last night was that of a great competitor--nothing wrong--in fact it was terrific. A champion! 
I was standing with when a young high school star, Kevin Garnett said to a crowd "Forget Shaq, I want to meet Donald Trump." 
Watch the clip from where the crowd cheers after I explain that my offer is about transparency 
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity-- or to which charity the money will go. 
The President has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up $5M for his favorite charity. Looking like he won't be doing it. What is he hiding? 
Watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.
Photo: Lloyd Bishop/NBC 
The polls &amp; momentum are trending towards Don't let the hurricane change your thinking! 
Fans shouldn't worry. We have adjusted the filming schedule of the upcoming 13th season of appropriately due to the storm. 
Maybe Obama should donate my $5M to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm? 
Scary. Obama and the Democrat Senate have accrued over $5T worth of debt without passing a budget in the last 3 years. 4 more years? 
People are happy that I left the Trump Tower atrium open as opposed to taking the easy way out. 
Why does Obama believe he shouldn't comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? Hiding something? 
RT if you think Pres.Obama should release his records to get $5M for charity--for Red Cross or another great charity 
Glad to hear that will be co-hosting the Grammy nominations special on 12.5. Taylor is terrific! 
How did Obama go to a Las Vegas fundraiser on 9.12, the day after he refused to send help to Americans in Benghazi? 
"Without focus, it's just impossible to be successful at anything." --Midas Touch 
Another great cause Obama could send my $5M donation to is a charity for 9/11 First Responders. They are American heroes. 
My interview discussing the 57th St. crane, damage from the storm and extending my $5M offer to Obama 
My interview before Hurricane Sandy explaining that I would be staying in Trump Tower during the storm 
These last 4 years have not had a single quarter over 4% GDP. Obama has overseen the weakest economic recovery in American history. 
The election is trending towards Americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the Obama economic decline. 
So many incredible friends said thanks for TT help --- I say thanks to you! 
The Trump Tower atrium is such a great place &amp; kept thousands of people warm &amp; safe during the storm--thanks, staff! 
Remember this: Obama wants to raise taxes, wants to lower taxes--need I say more! 
Don't let Obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states. 
People having a great time in the Trump Tower atrium --- unlike others, I stayed open. 
I am the best builder but if that were my building with the crane mishap, I would have been lambasted from coast to coast. 
Because of the hurricane, I am extending my 5 million dollar offer for President Obama's favorite charity until 12PM on Thursday. 
Not only giving out money, but Obama will be seen today standing in water and rain like he is a real President --- don't fall for it. 
Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars. 
I saw from my window just before accident that the crane was not properly anchored for the storm. 
The water damage to NYC is amazing. The winds were bad but the water was worse. 
All weights are on crane's wrong side --- very precarious below, move out! 
If authorities need direct view from top of Trump Tower, call office. 
Direct view of crane from apartment window. Crane was never properly secured, blowing in the breeze. 
We are taking care of hundreds of people in the Trump Tower atrium--they are seeking refuge. Free coffee and food. 
So far the hurricane is being handled very well in NY, not nearly as bad as stated on news. Let's see what happens later. 
Many people walked out on Madonna's concert when she told them to vote for Obama. Years ago I walked out because the concert was terrible! 
I always said Obama is lucky for himself but unlucky for the country. The storm could be very good for him as he (cont) 
Obama lied 100% about Libya and the killings--emails are absolute. He must release his records on Wednesday and stop the lies. 
Dave Letterman said during my interview that Obama was "probably" born in the US--the word "probably" is a disaster for Obama. 
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity or to which charity the money will go. 
What people don't know about is that he was a terrible student and not considered smart in his early (cont) 
I guess saw my ratings on the the other night where Letterman beat Leno. Bill, you are no Letterman. 
While is an extremely unattractive woman, I refuse to say that because I always insist on being politically correct. 
.@BetteMidler talks about my hair but I'm not allowed to talk about her ugly face or body --- so I won't. Is this a double standard? 
Many people are saying that my challenge to Obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers --- I agree. 
A lot changed when David Letterman said " he was probably born in this country"--- the word probably is a total disaster for Obama. 
is taking major heat for calling the president lazy. But the president stated his weakness is that he is lazy. Fight on John! 
That's more than O'Reilly did ...and he is supposed to be my friend. You're terrific! 
McGuirk Thanks for being so nice and defending me on O'Reilly...you're terrific! 
Alert...The president knew that the ambassador was being attacked in Benghazi. He did nothing...he is no leader. 
tries so hard to be a star. But, he just doesn't have what it takes...and he never will. 
I put on Apprentice at his request, I did his failed cable show as a favor to him then he knocks me for my Obama announcement. 
I want to end the day by saying there is no check I would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our President. 
"Donald Trump Tells About His Obama Announcement: PASSPORT APPLICATIONS TELL YOU A LOT" by 
Watch Obama's favorability numbers drop even further if he doesn't accept my charitable offer. No one approves (cont) 
If Obama doesn't accept my offer to be fully transparent, what will he say? 
If my offer is refused, every undecided OH voter will be fully aware that Obama denied $5M to charity all because he is hiding something! 
Barack Obama has everything to gain. Why would anyone ever deny $5M to charity? 
Great! Last night winner &amp; alumni packed OH stadium rallying w/ 
"Donald Trump Defends His "Big" Obama Bombshell: 'It's Not a Publicity Stunt'" via 
I have decided to add a caveat to my offer. Obama can't decide to send my $5M to Rev. Wright if he releases his records. 
My fellow Tea Party friends in Ohio--make sure you take advantage of early voting so you can GOTV election day. Know you can! Must win Ohio. 
Where's the transparency? Despite Obama's denial stands by report he just talked with Jeremiah Wright. 
Looking forward to being the special guest at tonight's Dutchess County #GOP dinner--to a SOLD OUT crowd. It will be great fun. 
Pretty audacious for Obama to call a BSer when he has lied about so much we don't have room to write. 
By the way, where is Good question. 4 years ago she strongly supported Obama--now she is silent. Anyway, who cares, I adore Oprah. 
...Colin Powell thought Iraq has weapons of mass destruction. 
Obama is about to destroy the mililtary through the sequester. The Middle East is a mess. Yet Colin Powell still endorses him. Wonder why? 
Be careful of an Obama "bomb" to win election! Would be a horrible thing to do. 
The election is still close but trending toward He leads all national polls and Obama's likeability is imploding. VOTE! 
Wow! Letterman show won the ratings last night big time--and guess who was his guest? DJT 
One of my many Twitter followers suggested Obama should take my offer &amp; give $1,250,000 to each family of the four... 
Watch me explain on the how my charitable offer to Obama changes the election and is about transparency 
A clip from last night's where I detail my charitable offer to Obama and Dave describes his terrible grades 
True! 
What a dumb mistake AOL made buying the How much longer will Arianna last--I predict not much. 
Thanks, I hope you enjoyed it, had a great time. 
I agree. 
Thanks, it was a great show.. 
Thanks I will. 
Stupid Arianna hired the man who ruined the once-great NYTimes Business Section... 
...a real loser named Tim O'Brien--and it's never recovered. 
Dopey Arianna is really after me--boring story after boring story...but I hear she is in big trouble! 
I knew last year that Magazine lost all credibility when they didn't include me in their Top 100... 
... I will soon start naming magazines that I think will fold--I predicted Newsweek. 
Great idea. 
I hope so for the charity's sake 
Thanks Tylar 
The Letterman show really turned things around- people finally understand my $5 million dollar offer to charity.... 
I love the Wounded Warriors--Obama should choose that as his $5M charity. 
Sounds like a good idea. 
Only because he has something to hide. 
.@SabrinaSiddiqui Re: Taylor and Conor--great news for Taylor! 
Based on the ovation last night from the Letterman audience, I believe it will be hard for Obama to throw $5M down the drain.... 
....instead of giving to a wonderful charitable cause. 
Another great charity that the $5M could go to just a recommendation to the Pres. - the Wounded Warriors represented so well by 
Lots of response that Obama should give the $5M to the families of our great heroes who were murdered in Benghazi. 
Letterman was great last night. I had a lot of fun. You could see his audience really wanted Obama to take the $ for charity. 
"The dealmaker is cunning, secretive, focused and never settles for less than he wants." --The America We Deserve 
It is really a shame that Barack Obama may stop $5M from being generously donated to charity all because he refuses to be transparent. 
Doing David Letterman tonight at 11:30. 1st nite of Sweeps.Going into the lion's den but I've been there many times before. Enjoy 
Six days and counting until my offer to Barack Obama expires... 
For someone who demanded 20 years of Mitt's tax returns, you would think my offer to donate $5M to charity for his records is an easy go. 
Yesterday Barack Obama said he wants "wind turbines manufactured here in China" I don't think this was a gaffe. 
China is primed to continue to rob us and steal our jobs through their exports We need to rein them in. 
"Trump Offers To Donate $5 Million To Charity If Obama Releases College Transcripts" via 
has really become a laughing stock of good political reporting. 
What will be the response on Wednesday? If Obama doesn't take the 5 million dollars for charity. 
I fully supported McCain but when he lost, hoped Obama would be great for U.S. --- he wasn't. 
I am offering the chance for Barack Obama to redistribute $5M to any charity of his choice. Everyone wins. Take the deal. 
.@BarbaraJWalters did you choose me as one of the 10 Most Fascinating People of the Year last season (and more than once?) 
.@BarbaraJWalters will apologize to me just like she did when I was right about Besides, I get great ratings on The View. 
.@BarbaraJWalters Barbara, unfortunately you've missed the entire point of my announcement--you just don't get it! 
Still waiting for an explanation about why &amp; did not name their son Donald. Unbelievable. 
Miss Universe 2012 Pageant will be airing live on &amp; december 19th. Open invite stands for Robert Pattinson. 
Excited to announce that &amp; will be hosting the 2012 Miss Universe Pageant. Great ratings for Miss Universe. 
How does get a conservative platform? She is a dummy--just look at her past. 
I am happy to have started #ObamasFavoriteCharity. Really enjoying reading everyone's tweets. 
My interview discussing my $5M charitable offer to Obama, his lack of transparency &amp; my tremendous support 
"Donald Trump Announcement: $5 Million for Obama College Records" via 
"Trump offers $5 million for Obama college, passport records" By 
Just stated by a total pro: "You are the only one who has the guts to say what we are all thinking." 
Glad to hear North Carolina is solid for It started trending for Mitt solidly after my speech at the convention. 
In light the Benghazi emails released last night, it is apparent that Obama has no problem lying to the American public... 
... By releasing his records, he can come clean with the American people and have $5 million go to a charity. 
Obama has no problem leaking national security secrets. Why can't he release his records? Especially when $5M is going to charity. 
I am happy to donate $5 million to a charity Barack Obama chooses. All I am asking is that he is transparent with the American people 
RT to Obama: $5 million donation to charity if you release passport and college records #Election2012 
I just learned that has no credibility--total phonies that don't report the truth. A puppet of Obama? 
Third rate took every negative tweet or response they could find &amp; put it out--when in fact the response is incredibly positive. 
My offer to Obama is about transparency. In 2008, American people were sold on hope and change. This our last chance to get the full record. 
RT Trump to give $5 million to charity if Obama releases records 
Virtually all Presidents and candidates including John McCain, Bill Clinton, George H.W. Bush, and George W. Bush... 
The response has been fantastic--- actually overwhelming! Thank you! 
As stated, here is the press release. 
You have all been waiting-- the response has been amazing! Watch my announcement now, press release to follow at 12:15. 
All predictions re: my 12 o'clock release are totally incorrect. Stay tuned! 
Story will be released today at 12 noon EST on Twitter and Facebook. 
"Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack." -- Sun Tzu 
This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump--- this is about the United States of America. I will be... 
This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump--- this is about the United States of America. I will be (cont) 
If you like having the world collapse and being told America is leading from behind--vote Obama. 
No wonder is in such big trouble &amp; boss was just fired--they are lost. 
.@BBC should never have played that piece of garbage documentary--&amp; yet the phones are ringing off the hook to play the course. 
...that it was hard not to end up rooting for Trump..." 
Thank you to reviewer who stated "'You've Been Trumped' was so biased in favour of the protesters... 
.@bobschieffer did an excellent job as debate moderator last night. I only wish Mitt was more aggressive! 
Everyone is asking me to speak more on Robert &amp; Kristen.I don't have time except to say "Robert, drop her, she cheated on you &amp; will again!" 
Last night was the first time Obama said "we" instead of "I" in respect to Bin Laden's killing. 
Barack Obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after Bin Laden--- now he wants all of the credit! 
My announcement is tomorrow! 
Tomorrow I will be tweeting on only one subject! 
China will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over property they already own! 
.@MittRomney should have been more aggressive last night. Yet some polls have him winning the debate. 
The military and Navy Seals should be given more credit for Bin Laden's death, not Obama, who works hard to take (cont) 
When the military informed Obama that they had Bin Laden, is there anyone with a brain that would not have said "Ok, go get him"? 
Doesn't the US have better things to do than to destroy an American hero for the world to see? Now other (cont) 
Lance Armstrong fought for 7 years &amp; then just ran out of energy. Very sad story--although they caught him red handed.He definitely cheated! 
"Casting sometimes is fate and destiny more than skill and talent, from a director's point of view." -- Steven Spielberg 
No matter what happens in the election, deserves a lot of credit. He has kept Obama in it, even with his terrible record. 
I always said that had to keep fighting the charges. By stopping, he gave his enemies an opening. 
70% of the Chinese say they are better off than they were 4 years ago At least someone has done well under Obama. 
The debate was pretty even but I thought Mitt should have been much more aggressive on Obama's failed foreign policy-- and I mean much more. 
Debate was somewhat hard to watch last night. Viewership will be way down. 
I will be doing at 7:30. 
Stop congratulating Obama for killing Bin Laden. The Navy Seals killed Bin Laden. #debate 
.@MittRomney looks much calmer, and Obama should stop nodding his head backwards and forward. 
Bob Schieffer will do a great job tonight. Always treated me fairly. 
Well this is it, the final debate- let's see how it goes. I'll be tweeting live. 
Former Obama White House economic adviser gave his old boss a 'C' on the economy Pretty generous! 
Why don't we ask the Navy SEALs who killed Bin Laden? They don't seem to be happy with Obama claiming credit. All he did is say O.K. 
I look forward to hitting Obama hard tonight for lying about Benghazi. CIA told Obama it was a terrorist attack after 24 hrs. 
Everybody is asking about my announcement this Wednesday concerning Barack Obama---just wait and see! 
Everyone knows I am right that Robert Pattinson should dump Kristen Stewart. In a couple of years, he will thank me. Be smart, Robert. 
Obama is an easy target on foreign policy.@MittRomney has many openings to attack, especially when Obama starts bragging about Bin Laden. 
"This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility." Obama to discussing our nuclear arsenal. 
Obama planted that story on Iran so it will be discussed in tonight's debate. He wants Libya and China off the table. 
The brass in #TRUMP Tower's atrium is polished twice a month like clockwork. I keep the atrium impeccable. Key to its success! 
.@Toure I felt very sorry for you during your meltdown on He drove you insane but, of course, Piers is a lot smarter than you 
My son Don and his wife Vanessa just had a beautiful baby boy named Spencer Frederick --very thrilling. 
I wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy. 
Don't let Obama play the Iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful Republicans! 
.@Toure, when you are fired from MSNBC for your bad ratings and racist coverage, stop by and say hello. 
Autism rates through the roof--why doesn't the Obama administration do something about doctor-inflicted autism. We lose nothing to try. 
Lots of autism and vaccine response. Stop these massive doses immediately. Go back to single, spread out shots! What do we have to lose. 
Via "Donald Trump claims Barack Obama bombshell" 
People are going crazy with my comments on Diet Coke (soda). Let's face it--this stuff just doesn't work. It makes you hungry. 
Obama should stop talking about wind turbines--they are a disaster for a country or community &amp; are very expensive &amp; unreliable. 
I will be live tweeting during the debate tonight. 
Derek, get well soon, the need youl. 
Gas prices are at crazy levels--fire Obama! 
"They succeed, because they think they can." -- Virgil 
Don Butler and executives are doing a great job at the cars are fantastic. 
The biggest problem with A-Rod is he is bad for the chemistry of the Yankees--- he must go. 
Fort Hood shooting should be declared a terror attack. Respect the wounded and dead. 
Good luck to Derek on his operation. I know it will be a success--- he is a great champion. 
Derek must move back into one of my buildings immediately. It will be lucky for him like in past. 
Derek Jeter broke ankle one day after he sold his apartment in Trump World Tower. 
7.8% unemployment number is a complete fraud as evidenced by the jobless claims number released yesterday.Real unemployment is at least 15% 
No surprise, welfare spending is up over 30% under Obama. He is the food stamp &amp; welfare "king" 
Can't wait for to fold which, under Graydon Carter, will be sooner rather than later. 
.@VanityFair's terrible piece on Mitt's faith is a new low, even for them. 
Where were all the exposes on "When Rev. Wright disciples go to Washington?" Sad! 
Follow jewelry line on site 
Rev. is a great man and so is his son, Franklin Graham. 
Rev.@BillyGraham is doing tremendous work this election cycle educating the Christian community on 
Both Barack and were excellent at the Al Smith dinner last night! 
A lot of the should be ashamed of their play in the post season. They are lucky they don't have to deal with George Steinbrenner. 
I hope of America handle their problems a lot better than the board at Penn State did. You can't do any worse! 
Toledo is a great place--I've been there &amp; worked in Cincinnati for 2 years--I love Ohio. 
I think Gaga is great--her 1st major appearance at my Miss Universe Pageant in Vietnam/6 yrs ago Should give me 25% 
Newly released NH poll has with a 1 point lead. Mitt will pull away next week. 
Obama has called Libya attack "a bump in the road" and "not optimal." Just come clean already--tell Americans the truth! 
Maybe Derek Jeter should ask A-Rod about renting his apartment next year. Very soon A-Rod won't need a place in NYC. 
Yes--I will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming Monday. 
Via "Donald Trump is NOT A-Rod fan 
No, sadly, not even close! 
My interview with discussing the real unemployment number and how the 7.8% number is a fraud 
.@katyperry is no bargain but I don't like John Mayer--he dates and tells--be careful Katy (just watch!). 
Some of you were asking about the All-Star line-up for Celebrity Apprentice 
So many tweets &amp; stories on Stewart/Pattinson Look, it doesn't matter-- the relationship will never be the same. It is permanently broken. 
No, I said U.S. destroyed a once American icon 
Congratulations to Bernie Marcus &amp; Herman Cain on the #TruthTour2012--All employers need to check this out! 
For the truth about job creation in America go to A great site for employers to get the tools &amp; information they need! 
.@lancearmstrong really blew it--went down in flames--too bad! 
Why would Ohio listen to Bruce Springsteen reading his lines? Be careful or I will go to Ohio and will win it! 
Thanks! 
I agree, but their careers weren't fueled by drugs. 
Obama said "not optimal" to Ambassador &amp; embassy killings--bad word usage for a Harvard graduate. 
.@MittRomney did a great job last night. Watch the clip! 
Never give up. You have what it takes. 
Great decision by Donald Graham to sell. I'll now have to take my newsweek covers off the wall. 
With Barry Diller &amp; Tina Brown in charge, did anyone doubt that would be a massive failure? 
It is a great honor to have helped the community so much. 
Something really bad happened to the psyche--much like our President! 
.@Yankees should get rid of A-Rod ASAP--I can't watch this guy anymore! 
.@evaemery Thanks--you sound great! 
Thanks for the info Rosie--get well. 
I'll be making a major announcement on President Obama next week--stay tuned! 
Can't believe we are less than three weeks away from the election. Time certainly flies! 
"A penny saved is a penny earned." -- Benjamin Franklin 
The Yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team? 
I love India! 
Hey is your recovery going? I hope you are doing well so we can start fighting again soon! 
Bob Kraft &amp; Coach Bill are far too smart! 
Good luck! 
I hope that's the reason--otherwise, just plain stupid. 
A total professional. 
Greatly appreciated, thanks. 
Great to meet you also. 
I was referring, of course, to Bill Clinton's statement on the economy. 
I have a friend that wants to meet your sister. 
My Trump Home Mattress Collection by Serta is setting records--they are really phenomenal. You can order them at 
The last time I visited China I couldn't believe all the construction. You can go up with a project in a week--no red tape. 
It's Thursday. How much money did Barack Obama waste today on crony green energy projects? 
Clinton commented in Ohio today that is right, the economy has not been fixed under Obama.I always said Bill was an honest man. 
When Strasburg leaves for another team for more money, will Washington still like the decision to shut him down for his good? 
Bad sign for Obama's campaign now publicly admitting they are focused on 4 states. Their internals must be horrendous. 
While the next season of is packed w/ All Stars, ours fans will be happy to see in the board room.She is back! 
Derek Jeter wants to rent an apartment. Derek--only in a Trump building--Trump is lucky for you. 
Now there is talk of A-Rod being shipped to If A-Rod is not a next year, the fans will be happy. 
I think the will win today. Unlike A-Rod, CC is good under pressure. I hope A-Rod plays, however. 
Robert I'm getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump Kristen- but I'm right. If you saw the Miss Universe girls you would reconsider. 
Thanks! 
Because they are either jealous or losers (or both). 
A reader just sent me the following: 

"I wanted to share with you something rather startling. On page 103 of (cont) 
Newsweek ending print edition--sad. Now my Newsweek covers mean nothing--they lost all credibility. TIME to follow? 
Thanks! 
Dopey--who went bankrupt, you? I never did. 
"The biggest thrill in the world is entertaining the public, there is no bigger thrill than that." --Vince McMahon 
Check the records, dummy--I was never a Bush II fan--he is why we have Obama! 
They only suffered by watching your 3rd rate documentary (which bombed). 
I will--thanks. 
Lots of response to my Pattinson/Kristen Stewart reunion. She will cheat again--100 certain--am I ever wrong? 
Looking forward to honoring the great Dogan family &amp; the success of the Trump Towers project in Istanbul Annual Gala Dinner 
Alert--US jobless claims up 46,000 to 388,000. Really bad news. 7.8% is now a fraud--not possible! 
Amazing--my tweets are covered across every spectrum from to to 
"When we're talking about math that doesn't add up, how about $5 trillion of deficits over the last four years." --@MittRomney 
Obama's spending and borrowing is burying America and destroying our children's future. Does he even care? 
#SuccessByTrump, exclusively available has set sale records for fastest selling cologne. Makes a great gift 
Great--now Supreme Court Justices are talking about a constitutional right to a cell phone Obama, just stop already. 
.@ashleycam2883 Re: Libya--Hillary took the blame for Obama. 
Mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth. 
Major grudge match this weekend between &amp; I have a dilemma, I am good friends w/ both Woody (cont) 
Under his administration, oil and gas production on public land is down over 10% Obama did not tell truth last night. 
If Obama goes after Mitt's private sector experience in the next debate then Mitt should ask for Obama's college records--all of them. 
.@mystikangel Bring back? He is back! 
.@antbaxter should really be ashamed about his massive box office disaster. Take a hint and get out of the film (cont) 
.@dubephnx If we didn't remove incredibly powerful fire retardant asbestos &amp; replace it with junk that doesn't (cont) 
What is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. We should be given credit for taking this risk. 
Can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been for the country if the candidates actually did get into a fist fight? 
Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog &amp; will do it again--just watch. He can do much better! 
Michael Vick of the Philadelphia is a great athlete but not a great quarterback. 
Initial reports say 2nd debate viewership dropped. See what happens when I am not mentioned. 
Just read about my friend was set up--too bad he has to use the court system instead of his muscles. 
Bill- You should have named your beautiful son Donald. 
Joe Girardi must play his starters, even A-Rod, they got you there. 
While the look like they quit and are finished, they won't quit for CC 
Last Saturday A-Rod was 0-3 and left 6 stranded. But he was still hitting on girls from the dugout He is very selfish! 
Obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it, especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary 
.@MittRomney scored last night on both substance and style. 
"Trump Was Right: 'Obama's America' Tops 2012 Documentaries" via 
...Bad decisions can be devastating. 
Obama was beaten but not knocked out. He lives to fight another day. But in the real world presidents are not given a second chance... 
All the guys that said would lose are rapidly coming on board. Mitt will remember the early helpers. 
If Obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically, environmentally &amp; aesthetically. 
Robert Bryce on your great opinion piece on terrible wind turbines &amp; how destructive they are. Windmills are a disaster. 
Remember, new "environment friendly" lightbulbs can cause cancer. Be careful-- the idiots who came up with this stuff don't care. 
Wind turbines are not only killing millions of birds, they are killing the finances &amp; environment of many countries &amp; communities. 
Great article on wind turbines by Robert Bryce in today's 
Really enjoyed discussing yesterday with I am a long time Yankee fan. 
Via "Donald Trump would fire A-Rod" 
Thanks 
My interview with discussing why A-Rod should be fired from &amp; how to terminate his contract 
My twitter followers will soon be over 2 million--&amp; all the "biggies." It's like having your own newspaper. 
My twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth. 
Polls are starting to look really bad for Obama. Looks like he'll have to start a war or major conflict to win. Don't put it past him! 
Obama did much better than he did last time--but still lost decisively. 
Do you believe Barack Hussein Obama (aka Barry Soetoro) looked like a president last night? I don't! 
Obama has zero credibility on oil and coal. If we do not win energy as a country, we just do not win, period! 
I still love Derek, he is a winner! 
Remember, I said Derek don't sell your Trump World Tower apartment...its been lucky for you. The day after he sold it, he broke his foot. 
At the debate, the President kept talking of what he is going to do. I kept saying, why didn't he do it? He lost me a long time ago. 
Verlander pitched great, but look truly defeated. 
Stupid George Will gave no chance 3 months ago. Take off his little spectacles and he's just another dummy. 
George Will said "best debate he ever saw". If you ever heard George Will speak(boring) anything is exciting. 
Obama better than last time, but again, wins. Good night. #debate 
You talk tough, Mr. President, but have done nothing about China killing our jobs and economy. 
Such long rhetorical and boring answers from Obama. No wonder nothing gets done. 
.@MittRomney much better on Libya and Middle East problems. Obama has no answer. 
Obama keeps namedropping Bill Clinton-- he is no Bill Clinton. 
Obama weak on immigration. All words, no action. He's been Prez 4 years. 
Obama is looking rhetorical and weak. is looking strong and sharp. 
Obama just said was "a very successful investor"--- big mistake for Obama to admit- he has less and less credibility. 
Obama keeps saying that he will do something--- but why hasn't he done it? It's all talk. 
.@MittRomney looks much stronger and much more Presidential! 
Then how come gasoline is hitting record high prices? 
Good response on jobs by 
Why has Obama let China and others take our jobs? 
Why hasn't Obama created jobs? 
Getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"! 
I was just told by one of the top players that my golf courses are the most elite in the country. Very nice compliment--I agree. 
We should be able to negotiate a deal with Iran because they know we could blow them away to the Stone Age.They just don't believe we would. 
It is selling great at Macy's--thanks! 
For political purposes only, Obama is planning to hit Libya for the Benghazi embassy attack right before the election? 
Great win last night by Peyton Manning &amp; in San Diego coming from 24 points behind on the road. Very impressive. 
If the can somehow beat Verlander tonight then they can still salvage the series. And I will go to games 6&amp; 7 so they will win! 
Get ready for tonight! 
Olivia--we love you. You are doing a great job. 
.@MittRomney--if Obama gets wise tonight just ask for his college records &amp; transcripts--he will quiet down quickly. 
Good luck tonight--have no doubt you will be great. 
Congratulations to on exposing more Democrat voter fraud. was caught red handed telling people to vote twice. 
I bet the terrorists in Libya used weapons we supplied them during their so called 'revolution' to attack our embassy in Benghazi. 
.@washtimes "@BrettMDecker: Five Questions w/ of Leadership is the biggest threat to America'" 
Between Libya, the national security leaks and Fast &amp; Furious, Obama has had more national security scandals than any other President. 
.@reince is doing a fantastic job for the Republican Party--hope he gets the credit he deserves. 
.@antbaxter I tried watching but fell asleep. 
.@History's wonderful "The Men Who Built America" with me on tonight at 9 -- bad timing, I'll be live tweeting the debate 
Because Obama was so pathetic in the first debate, tonight's audience will be humongous--people want to see if he is for real. 
The Coca Cola company is not happy with me--that's okay, I'll still keep drinking that garbage. 
It's amazing--my weekly scheduled interviews on and draw the highest ratings. And they get bigger week by week--thanks folks! 
Obama just had another trillion dollar budget deficit for the fourth year in a row. At least he is consistent. 
Diet Coke tweet had a monster response--dammit, I wish the stuff worked. 
.@antbaxter Thanks for helping promote &amp; make Trump International Golf Links Scotland so successful--you stupid fool! 
.@antbaxter Your documentary died many deaths. You have, in my opinion, zero talent. 
I can confirm the reports--@BillRancic, my first season winner, will be returning to this All-Star season of 
.@rupertmurdoch is absolutely right, it will be a nightmare for if Obama is re-elected. 
Verlander is great but very beatable. Does not have a good ERA in playoff games 
I turned down going to the debate tonight so that I could do live tweets to my many followers. 
I have no doubt that Mitt will do really well tonight. We'll all be watching 
Lots of pressure on Obama tonight--even more than A-Rod. If he doesn't perform well it could be over. 
I hope A-Rod has a great night for the Yankees--he owes it to them--especially with Derek hurt. 
Happy Birthday! 
Gov. Gary Johnson pulling votes from waste your vote. Obama must go! 
"Donald Trump's back with 14 'Apprentice' All-Stars" via 
Based on very popular demand, I will be live tweeting tomorrow night during the Presidential debate. 
"The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government." -- 
"Sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by."
Donald J. Trump 
If has a good debate tomorrow night, Obama is finished! 
Obama is planning on attacking Romney on Bain in tomorrow's debate Mitt should bring up college applications &amp; records 
"Romney, Ryan Slam Obama Administration on China Currency Manipulation" via 
Once again Obama fails to classify China as a currency manipulator. He just helped China steal even more jobs and money from us. 
A-Rod should donate his contract to charity. He doesn't make the any money and he doesn't perform. He is a $30M/yr rip off. 
Looking forward to speaking at tonight's gala for supporters at the Intrepid. Mitt's doing well. 
Barack Obama is not who you think he is. Most overrated politician in US history. 
Isn't it time that Obama release his college records and applications? Boy would that create a mess! He is not who you think. 
A-Rod was a great player when he lived at Trump Park Avenue--- even though he was on the juice! 
Derek Jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apartment at Trump World Tower- I told him not to sell- karma? 
I love great people! 
A-Rod is just not making it. We want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great. 
Obama will be trying very hard at next debate- he doesn't want to lose the Boeing. 
Who says Obama will do better in the next debate- has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks! 
I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke. 
No, I wasn't at the game yesterday- can't go today either. When I go, they win. 
Brooklyn Nets have the worst uniform ever- Boring- won't matter if they win("Winning solves all problems"- (cont) 
Yankees can win today. Kuroda is a highly underrated pitcher. 
A-Rod hit ball hard first at bat. Time for him to step up and leave. 
Swisher should have caught ball in right field last night. 
.@Yankees are in trouble without Derek. Try A-Rod at short- get him some confidence. 
A bad thing finally happened to Derek Jeter--- he is a great champion. 
So much for Washington shutting down Strasburg- they deserved to lose. 
Roadway steel on beautiful Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is rusting and rotting away. Scrape and paint before too late. 
They found Jessica in Colorado--- body was mutilated--- death to the pervert killer. 
Joe Girardi did a great job of managing the Yankees this series. 
I'll bet Obama goes down just like Washington because he doesn't use our(this country's) best people to win. 
Washington should have brought in Strasburg to relieve-- they would have won. 
When Strasburg leaves in a couple of years under free agency Washington will say " what were we doing". 
I told you, whenever I go to a game the win. 
"Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality." -- Warren G. Bennis 
When an employee leaves me and begs to come back--I never let them. Loyalty is very important. 
I look forward to Tuesday night's presidential debate--I wonder if Obama will use my name again. 
Very different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate. 
"What we are watching on our TV screens is the unraveling of the Obama foreign policy." --@PaulRyanVP 
Obama's economic policies are causing inflation on hard working families. The price of corn alone has risen over 200% since he was elected. 
With our amazing All Star cast, &amp; are also returning as boardroom advisors. 
Great to hear that our loyal fans are happy with today's announcement of the new cast. This will be something special! 
.@dennisrodman looks like he really cleaned up his act. 
I'm going to the game tonight to root them on--they always win when I am there. 
My Scotland course is receiving accolades from all over the world--a great honor for me. 
Credibility is important to me- hence must admit that both candidates did really well last night. #VPDebate 
Doing the with was great- I really like Matt. 
First Minister of Scotland released bomber of Pan Am flight #103 on "compassionate grounds." Do you believe? 
"There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still." -- Pres. Franklin D. Roosevelt 
Great to have you back for the best season yet! 
ObamaCare is a complete disaster. Many of my friends have to scale down their businesses because they can't afford it. Terrible. 
"Wing bangers"-- the name given to wind turbines by bird lovers for the thousands of birds they kill in the U.S. 
British PM Cameron is making a fool of himself by wasting billions of pounds on unwanted &amp; environment destroying Scottish windmills. 
Going over to now to introduce cast etc.-- watch. 
Pretty even debate- no knockouts. However Ryan's closing statement somewhat stronger. What do you think? #VPDebate 
Biden's statements on Medicare are very effective. Ryan must now come back and combat. #VPDebate 
Excellent story on very good moment for Ryan. #VPDebate 
Biden's sarcastic smiling may or may not be effective depending on who is watching. #VPDebate 
Hard for Biden to justify Libya mess but doing best he can. #VPDebate 
Both candidates are looking sharp- now it's up to the mouth and the mind. #VPDebate 
Get ready- this should be informative and fun! #VPDebate 
Looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment. 
.@Linda_McMahon is an elite businesswoman who will bring a great outlook to DC. Support her campaign here 
Another sign that is right. New government labor report casts even more doubt on the September jobs data 
Why does Barack Obama's ring have an arabic inscription? Who is this guy? 
It's Thursday and only 26 days until the election. How many illegal donations from China and Saudi Arabia did Obama collect today? 
So Obama used to tell classmates that he was Kenyan royalty and an Indonesian prince Sounds like his book bio! 
Our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in U.S. history 
Live tweeting during tonight's VP debate...should be a great time 
How the hell does the Libyan government get off telling our embassy security they can't have loaded guns for protection?! 
Why the hell did we help the Libyan "rebels" in the first place. That is the real scandal. 
Outright disgusting--the Obama administration has continually stonewalled and lied to US Amb. Sean Smith's mother 
I suspect could do well tonight. Don't be fooled by his gaffes. He is a seasoned and feisty debater. 
If is dating again then she has a death wish. A beater is always a beater--just watch! 
Amazing that Derek Jeter played with an injury throughout most of last night's game and did so well. 
$30M a year and A-Rod is now relegated to the bench. would have lost if Girardi hadn't benched him in the 9th (see my prediction) 
I guess they have Lance Armstrong cold. Brutal report. A waste of taxpayer money to take down an American hero. 
.@Apprenticenbc cast will be announced tomorrow at 7:30am ET on the with 
Staff at Trump Park Avenue disliked A-Rod--to put it "mildly" -- The staff at Trump World Tower loves Derek Jeter. 
Asking why my dislike of A-Rod--dishonorable dealings with me on an apartment deal 
Great move to take A-Rod out of game. Now terminate his contract based on misrepresentation (drugs). 
"When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." -- Henry Ford 
Thank you 
Must read article on Obama's illegal fundraising from abroad
 Foreign candidate getting foreign donations. 
I enjoy meeting tourists in #TrumpTower. People travel from across the world to see the five-level Atrium &amp; waterfall. 
Congratulations to on getting an "A" grade from on his fiscal policy. Rick is a fantastic governor. 
Even with lower profit projections, American firms are still throwing money into China Obama is killing investment. 
I am more concerned about Biden in the debate than I am about Obama. Be careful on Thursday night! 
"You have to scratch your head when the president spends the last week talking about saving Big Bird." -- 
Consumer spending fell in September Another indicator the 7.8% unemployment number is cooked. 
A-Rod must be dropped in the Yankees line-up tonight if they want to win. He simply can't perform without drugs. 
Obama was guest at VP debate moderator Martha Raddatz's wedding Do people think this is fair? 
Receiving thousands of thank you letters from students for my convocation speech. The honor was all mine! Great people. 
DELUSIONAL--Obama actually thought that he won the debate What is he thinking? 
47M on food stamps. Over 23M Americans unemployed. 50% of college grads unemployed. And Obama wants us talking about Big Bird. 
Has Barack Obama been caught red handed laundering money into his campaign from illegal online foreign donations? Media? 
I just had to fire someone, he didn't have a clue--he reminded me of Obama on Wednesday night. 
27 days until America's greatest test since our founding. In this election, we decide whether we become great again. 
"It doesn't matter who you vote for--it matters who is counting the votes." Be careful of voter fraud! 
Obama is under a great of pressure to perform well in the next debate. Let's see how he reacts under pressure. 
Remember, Obama limped across the finish line--he should have lost to Hillary. Be careful! 
I don't think Obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like A-Rod. 
"I will implement effective missile defenses to protect against threats. On this, there will be no flexibility with Vladimir Putin." -- Mitt 
By popular request I will also be tweeting live during the Vice Presidential debate Thursday night. It will be very interesting, I promise. 
.@DavidLetterman fully apologized last night for calling me a racist. Thank you David--we are again friends. 
With these record high gas prices, what does it say about Obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate? 
Looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates. Will be a lot of fun. 
When will the unemployment numbers be corrected? Sadly, after the election! 
George Will is a political moron. Last month he said Romney couldn't win. 
In the end, Andy Pettitte did not rat out his friend Roger Clemens. I like him again, a lot. 
Drop A-Rod in the order and cut his salary based on unreported drug use. Also, not a pressure player. 
My #TRUMPTUESDAY interview discussing the upcoming debates, the real state of unemployment &amp; bias media 
Why isn't Obama protecting us from ridiculous gas prices? 
California gas prices going thru the roof, others to follow. An election-losing event for Obama. 
Greece should get out of the euro &amp; go back to their own currency--they are just wasting time. 
.@ErraticSLK Shout out = work hard! 
.@carlosbeltran15 is playing great for St. Louis Cardinals. They made a wise decision. 
.@jack_welch is correct--these reporters would not have been so brave while Jack was running GE. 
Our many loyal viewers should expect a major announcement very soon on next season's Our fans will be pleased. 
Sleepy eyes -- whenever you mention me unfairly I will likewise mention you. 
Obama projected a 2012 budget deficit of $557B. It is actually double that at $1.1T We can't afford four more years. 
Obama's planned tax hike will hit over 1 million small businesses 
http://t.co/A8UyBknk Expect more massive unemployment and stagnant growth 
How long did it take for Obama to call Hugo Chavez and congratulate him on his 'reelection?' Who do you think Chavez supports in ours? 
Congratulations to on setting the record with 48 consecutive games with a TD pass. He is a great guy and player. 
At the request of many- I will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate. 
Sleepy eyes is an absolute joke of a reporter. He is in the bag for Obama. He can't carry jock. 
Who is more believable on the state of employment--the great or some government bureaucrat who is voting for Obama? 
A record 46.68M Americans are now on food stamps Four more years? 
I would do same thing if I were China. They want Obama. 
My interview discussing Obama's failed and dangerous foreign policy and the real unemployment numbers 
Got to do something about these missing chidlren grabbed by the perverts. Too many incidents--fast trial, death penalty. 
More than 70M people watched the Presidential Debate. A new record. See what happens when I am so prominently mentioned (just kidding)! 
.@acuconservative's #CPACCO kept up the momentum from the debate. even made a surprise appearance. Now go win CO! 
Now America knows--the Emperor has no clothes. Why would Obama do better in a 2nd debate? #Debate #Obama 
My friend called it--@MittRomney recast the race. 
Glad to hear that is doing well. She is a terrific person. 
I promise to do a new #trumpvlog when I get back next week---- lots of requests. Thanks! 
"To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction." --Isaac Newton 
Scary &amp; Unsustainable: On Monday the US added more debt than from 1776 through Pearl Harbor 
"Mr. President, you're entitled as the president to your own airplane and to your own house, but not to your own facts." --@MittRomney 
Bill Clinton has been Obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail. 
Congrats to on finishing 1st in the AL East. Derek Jeter is great--good luck in the playoffs! 
I'll be in London on Sunday at the ExCel Centre to talk about success. It will be a great time for everyone! 
Amazing is good too. 
Most likely in February. 
The upcoming season of will be terrific--a great cast. 
Now another Obama speech from 2002 with him talking about taking the rich's 'stuff' Who is this guy? Where's the media? 
Congratulations to Michelle and Barack Obama on their 20th anniversary. 
Happy to have just passed 1.5M followers on twitter. We picked up over 14,000 yesterday alone. It's great to speak to everyone daily. 
I'm eagerly awaiting the next polls. The debate performance could be devastating to the Obama team. Let's see what happens. 
Will be a great event. See you in London. 
Both being optimistic and remembering the big picture have served me well throughout my life. You need to stay positive. 
.@SethMacFarlane will be a great Oscar host. He did an amazing job at my roast. 
Thank you. 
Wind farms are ugly, not cost effective and don't produce worthwhile returns or energy. No wonder governments are giving up on them. 
As a big job creator, I was greatly honored to have been mentioned twice tonight during the debate. 
Congratulations to Mitt Romney. He was not only good, he was absolutely fantastic tonight! 
"Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack." --Sun Tzu 
There's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's Barack Obama. Cut over $700M to move into ObamaCare. 
In August, 2012, Obama said the so called Arab Spring sprung from 'joyful longing for human freedom' Good call! 
Have you heard? China just told Obama to jump. Obama asked how high. 
Obama's '07 speech which just released not only shows that Obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him. 
I'm always amazed when I travel to my foreign properties.Seeing the Trump brand across 4 continents proves that excellence can be universal. 
Thank you. 
Thank you 
Yes, absolutely. 
Work hard and never give up! 
I will be visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links in Scotland tomorrow. Always great to see the Great Dunes of Scotland. 
 
Who is rooting for Obama more tonight--his campaign advisors or the press? 
Can't wait for tonight's debate--actually delayed my trip to Europe so I can watch. This is going to be a great night. 
My interview discussing debate responses, Obama's hidden records, my tweets and unemployment 
I am very proud of Ivanka! 
My daughter Ivanka is being honored by the Wharton School of Finance with the 2012 Young Leadership Award. Also (cont) 
See you in London--big crowd! 
Reverend Wright must have great hatred for Obama and the manner in which he was shunted aside. 
Obama called Reverend Wright his friend, counselor &amp; great leader--then dumped him like a dog! 
See June 2007 speech--is Obama a total racist? 
Congratulations to Barack Obama for having 2012's debt already surpass 2011 
The cheap 12 inch sq. marble tiles behind speaker at UN always bothered me. I will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me. 
Where is the main stream media reporting on Univision's new expose of Fast and Furious? Too busy looking at Mitt's taxes? 
Major Mexican cartel boss El Diego was just arrested with weapons provided to him through Fast and Furious Media?? 
A great article about how ObamaCare has even further complicated the tax code and will hurt housing market 
.@ritter1025 Wishing your wife a Happy Birthday 
It's Tuesday, how much will the media continue to cover up the embassy attacks for Obama? 
I'll be on tonight on at 10 pm. 
Great to hear that legend and hall of famer John Elway has endorsed in Colorado. CO is a must win state for Mitt. 
Under Obama, Iran has taken over Iraq, Al Qaeda has taken over Libya, the Muslim Brotherhood now controls Egypt. Worst foreign policy ever. 
Woody Johnson's comments that he would rather have win the election than his win games shows real patriotism. 
The Chinese are now hacking White House computers. Why not? They already own the place. 
Big win by last night to take control of AL East. Jeter &amp; company now control their destiny. 
Wednesday's debate is day one of the election. Over 70 million voters will be watching. 
In Nov. '11, Al Qaeda's flag flew over the 'birthplace' of Libya's revolution In Sept. '12 it flew over our Embassy. 
Glad to hear will be hosting this year's Oscars. Something new that should be fun. 
A clip from where I take audience on the Katie Coach 
My #TrumpTuesday interview discussing how can win the first debate &amp; the last 35 days 
If Obama mentions Mitt's tax returns in tomorrow's debate then Mitt should immediately ask for Obama's college records &amp; applications 
Obama is trying to block sequester layoff notices in Virginia Another example of sleazy politics! 
Threatening phone calls from Obama supporters are being made to the Michigan GOP office Don't be intimidated! 
Obama loves wasting our money. He just made another guarantee of $197M to a solar company Cronyism! 
Al Qaeda taking over Libya after we made it possible--really amazing. 
Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez said in a television interview that aired on Sunday "If I were American, I'd vote for Obama." 
Big cancer risk from new "environmental" light bulbs"--a big price to pay! 
Obama now wants to give another $450M to the Muslim Brotherhood. Money we don't have going to people that hate us. Moronic. 
How many more of our soldiers have to be shot by the Afghanis they are training? Let's get the hell out of there and focus on U.S. 
"I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success." --Jack Welch 
"Life is very fragile, and success doesn't change that. If anything, success makes it more fragile." --The Art of the Deal 
#TrumpTower is one of the country's top tourist destinations. 
Obama deserves much less credit for the killing of Bin Laden. The praise goes to our brave military and intelligence officers. 
Republicans and must get tough very soon. 
Only 36 days until the election. needs to stay on offense. Make Obama's terrible record the issue. #TimeToGetTough 
In debate, should ask Obama why autobiography states "born in Kenya, raised in Indonesia." 
Cyberattack on White House--- what's next? 
Obama lied to the public about the Al Qaeda attack on our consulate in Libya. He should be held accountable. 
"If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves." -- Thomas Edison 
American incomes have fallen $3,040 per household in the last 38 months 
If you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. Bring your friends and family with you. 
Sean's interview with Bob Woodward on was very interesting--Woodward was great. 
.@IsraeliPM delivered an excellent speech yesterday at the UN. Too bad wasn't there. 
You have to love what you do and keep your focus at all times. 
Brits spent $57.8M on the royal family. Obamas cost us $1.4B in expenses--including entertainment Living large on us. 
It's amazing how different all of the polling results are--not an exact science. 
"To be successful your focus has to be broad enough to think big at the same time." --'Midas Touch' with 
My successful acquisition of the Kluge estate was a fantastic deal which is already being studied in business schools. 
"Trump buys mansion adjacent to family winery" via 
Wishing you good luck and a happy birthday. 
The is currently going on--and is one of the truly great sporting events. 
Obama is not working. US Manufacturing orders fell a record 13.9% in August. Where's the recovery? 
Watch this video for a look at our great course in Los Angeles--- Rancho Palos Verdes--http://t.co/oLHyNmOj 
.@LisaLampanelli You are terrific (always). Great job on the Apprentice. 
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once, so it's a formidable combination. 
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities, &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them. 
Iraq was one of our biggest mistakes. We got absolutely nothing for our sacrifices.The country will collapse (cont) 
"Having a vision for something can be a very powerful force for accomplishment."
--Midas Touch 
Are you a young professional getting ready for a big meeting? Pick up a #Trump suit Look your best! 
Go for the gold standard--aim high. Be tenacious and have passion for your work. 
"If you're going through hell, keep going." --Winston Churchill 
Someone must be fired at for that stupid deal they made buying Huffington Post. 
.@MittRomney must ask for Obama's college records &amp; applications--why is he not doing this? 
China's Financial Institutions are expanding overseas.http://t.co/WOfGLvNL They will own everything if we don't stop them now. 
ObamaCare is a failure. Costs are rising much faster under Obama than other Presidents. 
Now Obama's campaign is guaranteeing 12 million new jobs during a 2nd term More like $12T in new debt if he wins. 
A resort in Arizona is using sewage to make snow. Environmentalists are going crazy--I won't be skiing in that snow. 
I have fun, I love what I do. You should too. Find out how at the National Achievers Conference this October in London 
I hope the is ready for a Third Party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. They must fight hard. 
Does Madonna know something we all don't about Barack? At a concert she said "we have a black Muslim in the White House." 
If only the morons were as concerned with Obama's inconsistent statements on the Embassy attacks as they are (cont) 
The full video of my speech Liberty's largest ever Convocation crowd. 
"Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game." -- The Art of the Deal 
How long will it take for chants-- "bring back the replacement refs" -- when a bad call is made? 
Congratulations to my friend David Wright of the who is now their all-time hitting leader. 
40 days until the election. Crunch time. must stay on offense and take the fight to Obama. 
I agree! 
Thank you. 
.@EricTrump did an amazing job raising money for with his event featuring Watch 
Thank you. 
Just bought the Kluge Estate in Charlottesville, Virginia (don't worry, only business). See Washington Post article
http://t.co/UpqHL2s0 
Jerry Falwell, Jr. stated speech was best in University's history...my great honor. 
Liberty University speech by DJT was biggest by far in school's history. Standing ovations...great young people! 
Associated Press knowingly and inaccurately wrote about Liberty University speech. Shameful reporting...no credibility. 
Huff post gets it wrong re: Ferry Point...the only leakage of gas is from Arianna Huffington. 
No matter how good the replacement refs do, they will be soundly criticized--they can't win! 
China has done very well under Obama. Now they just released their first aircraft carrier. 
China is filling the vacuum left by Obama at the UN on the world stage. 
Must read column for all young people: "Obama's war on young voters who elected him" 
We have raised millions of dollars for charity. 
Thank you 

"Trump: US Must Get Tougher Because China Is 'Eating Our Lunch'"
 via Moneynews 
A clip of my speech talking about the importance of the election &amp; our country's potential via@washingtonpost 
"For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve." -- Aristotle 
Housing prices will be going up big league--a great time to buy--good luck! 
Pres. O -- a "bump in the road" in reference to our Ambassador's (and others) killing in Libya 
Hope &amp; Change--the number of 26 year olds living with parents has jumped 46% under Obama Four more years? 
.@Matt_Berry87 Piers did a great job--the interview was very important. 
Aspirin gets the best press of almost anything I can think of---fact or great PR? 
Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility. 
Obama's new excuse for his failures is that you "can't change Washington from the inside." Not what he said in '09. 
.@brandonhardest Love what you do and work hard. 
Andy Williams has died. He was a friend of mine and a great guy. 
English taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of Scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines. 
The number of unemployed Americans has increased over 60% during Obama's term. The economy can't survive another 4 years. 
"Selfishness ultimately begets only unhappiness. Unselfishness begets happiness." -- B.C. Forbes 
...One point I made sure to stress at is to be sure to get even with anyone who crosses you... 
...Never let yourself be pushed around--but treat the good folks great. 
Read about my speech in Morning Score 
The 18th hole at the Blue Monster in Miami is considered the toughest finishing hole in golf...
http://t.co/BE3Bf2pV 
Obama will be going on &amp; fundraising while in NYC for the UN Assembly... 
...yet not one meeting with an ally (or an enemy!) Where's the media? 
...well into our 4th week of shooting the record 13th season of The 'All Stars' are hard at work... 
Did a shoot in front of the Metropolitian Museum on 5th Ave for the 13th season of the Apprentice... 
The replacement refs are getting blamed for everything. I've seen many bad sports calls over the years. 
One 57 is one of the worst looking buildings I've seen in a long time, in particular its very ugly "skin." 
"Trump to Liberty U Students: 'The World is Laughing at Us'" Via 
Thousands of great people showed up from Liberty University yesterday. I love standing ovations! 
My #TrumpTuesday interview discussing how has to get tough, real unemployment &amp; bias press 
Emmys telecast is way down &amp; lowest telecast on record among young adults. Emmys have no credibility-Should have nominated Apprentice again! 
Late winter or early spring. It will be a great season! 
Not a bad idea! 
"Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail." -- Charles F. Kettering 
I am sure you would be just fine! 
Thanks! 
The Obama Economy--workers added to disability and individuals added to food stamps more than doubles net jobs created 
"Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." --Will Rogers 
Muslim Brotherhood head of Egypt Morsi is already making demands on Obama before the WH visit. Obama's foreign policy is a complete failure. 
Coincidence? Obama and Ahmadinejad each describe warning over the Iranian nuclear program as just 'noise' 
Home values have sunk a record 15% under Obama. 
The debates are going to have a big impact on the election. has proved--in Florida--he delivers under pressure. 
Secure your place at the National Achievers Congress in London. It will be an amazing event with a great surprise. 
Living in denial--only 15% of Democrats think that recent economic news is poor 
Scary--Obama's budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends. 
Today I spoke Convocation, a great crowd...
http://t.co/H6Zd9twG 
RT I am running for president to get us creating wealth again--not to redistribute it. 
With Obama and Bernanke destroying the value of the dollar, gold and real estate should continue to rise in value. 
The attack on our Libyan consulate was the worst attack on the US since 9/11. Time for Obama to come clean. 
Despite all of China's cheating, they are not doing that well--we can beat them--our country has great potential! 
All these polls released by news outlets are oversampling Democrats. They want to influence public perception of the race. 
The Emmys are all politics, that's why, despite nominations, The Apprentice never won--even though it should have many times over. 
"Amazing Race" winning an Emmy again is a total joke. The Emmys have no credibility--no wonder the ratings are at record lows. 
The Emmys were horrendous...the absolute worst show! 
With all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy, Obama should be down by 12 points--and he's not. 
The Republican Party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials. They must be tough and smart. 
Why did give his tax returns without demanding that Obama release his college records &amp; applications in return? 
Just left Liberty University. Chancellor Jerry Falwell Jr.&amp; his father have done an amazing job...great school &amp; the students were fantastic 
The Ryder Cup will be amazing this week. 
A letter written to one of my many critics! 
A letter from an amazing woman 
It's real. 
I'll be on Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in! 
No matter how diligent you are in evaluating a business deal there is invariably one factor you have no control over--luck... 
...but interestingly, the same people seem to be lucky. 
I have fun, I love what I do. You should too. Find out how at the National Achievers Conference this October. 
At the Univision forum Obama continued to make excuses for Fast and Furious His operation killed innocent Americans. 
A happy and healthy family. 
Watch--yesterday Obama continued to evade questions on his security failures in the Benghazi consulate attack. 
I really like Chelsea Clinton--an amazing young woman. She got the best of both parents. (@IvankaTrump agrees) 
"The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing." --Albert Einstein 
.@janinegibson 

Obama's Def. Sec. just said US Asia focus 'not aimed to contain China' China is hoping that Obama is re-elected. 
It is now clear that the Embassy attack in Libya was a coordinated Al Qaeda operation and not based on some video. 
Not a bad idea.( I'm in a magnanimous mood.) 
Thanks, and we will keep you posted. 
Nice to hear--and good luck! 
Now every time Islamic militants attack they will use that movie as an excuse What was the excuse before the movie? 

Yesterday I was in Washington, D.C. visiting the #TRUMP Old Post Office renovation. It will be magnificent. 
My interview with explaining why Mitt should not apologize 
Great article by Chris Ruddy "@AnnDRomney and Jackie's Example" 
To be successful, never give up. My secrets to success will be shared at the National Achievers Congress in London. 
QE3, a political favor for Obama, will cause record inflation on food and fuel. This hits low income families the hardest. Big mistake. 
Have you seen the new #Trump fall collection exclusively available Top selling brand nationwide.Ties, shirts, fragrance-great gifts. 
"Trump: Obama is 'Unlucky President'" via 
Via "Romney Said Nothing Wrong" 
...come down hard--tax the hell out of their imports and reduce our deficit fast. 
China has been unfairly subsidizing the export of cars &amp; auto parts. I've been saying this for 3 years... 
Don't let them build a wind turbine in your backyard (or near your house). It will destroy your property value. 
Via "The Donald's video should have trumped Eastwood" by 
My interview 
 
Oil would be $25 a barrel if our government would let us drill. Our country would be rich again--who needs OPEC. 
Technology has shown we have tremendous energy resources right under our feet that we didn't know about 5 years ago. 
The stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting! 
Obama should play golf with Republicans &amp; opponents rather than his small group of friends. That way maybe the terrible gridlock would end. 
Dopey--I have never filed for bankruptcy (as you know!) 
Tune in! 
It will be fantastic! 
Filming for Season 13 is now into the 2nd week. The 'All-Star' cast is already hard at work. 
Obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving Keystone XL pipeline and Canada is now selling the oil to China--very dumb! 
I'll be on tonight at 10 PM Fox News 
Our soldiers can't even have any more joint exercises with Afghan soldiers because they are getting shot in the (cont) 
Can you believe--they are blaming for Egypt. 
.@RICKYMONEY I don't know a lot about failures. And as you know, I never went bankrupt. 
.@lightjzup Industrial turbines are destroying our land. 
Liberal press won't look into why Obama ignored security warnings for embassies but is obsessed with Romney's private comments. 
None of Romney's leaked comments change the fact that Obama is a complete disaster. 20% real unemployment and $6T in deficit spending. 
It's Tuesday. How many more non-stories will the liberal media try to manufacture so everyone ignores Obama's record? 
The majority of Americans agree with comments on and Iran. 
With 49 days until the election, needs to stay on offense. He should not be apologizing. Deflect onto Obama's record. 
This morning played some of the video I filmed for the Tampa Convention 
My interview discussing my video &amp; why should not apologize 
http://t.co/jSHoeB2B 
My #TrumpTuesday interview discussing QE3, leaked comments, Middle East &amp; US oil capability 
They had both interest and aptitude. They've done a terrific job. 
Now a small country like Sudan tells Obama he can't send any more Marines We are a laughing stock. 
I never went bankrupt. Enemies love to say I did. Didn't happen. 
At the National Achievers Congress in London this October, I'm going to talk about success and how to avoid failure 
I'll be at Liberty University Monday, 10 AM, for speech. Looking forward to meeting students--all sold out! 
"A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have." -- Pres. Abraham Lincoln 
China is now attacking Japan's economy for leverage Soon they will try the same with us. #TimeToGetTough 
It's Monday, how many more excuses will Obama make today about the economy? 
While Obama is denying it, he did receive intelligence about the attacks 3 days before Too busy campaigning? 
Still a buyer's market. Buy directly from a bank. They want to offload properties that have defaulted, will give good prices &amp; financing. 
Eli Manning staged a great comeback in 4th quarter--an elite quarterback. 
With 50 days until the election, it is #TimeToGetTough for &amp; 
Teachers in Chicago should go back to work immediately.Rahm Emanuel has offered them a fair deal. Now they're just acting for the cameras. 
Gas prices have doubled under Obama. Over $5/gallon now in California. We must start drilling from our own resources to become independent. 
Obama is our unlucky President. Everything he touches turns into a mess. Some people just don't have it! 
"Trump: If Republicans 'don't get tough, they're not going to win this election'" Via 
Via "Donald Trump tweets Obama is 'an incompetent President'" 
After being ripped off for years, Obama finally figured out that China is taking advantage of us. He's finally listening to me. 
Kate Middleton is great--but she shouldn't be sunbathing in the nude--only herself to blame. 
Occupy Wall Street is at it again- go out and get a job. It's actually easier work and far more rewarding. 
"Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money."
--Johnny Cash 
Weekly jobless claims are up once again. The economy cannot recover with Obama in office. 
Hey hear you are undecided in the election. I can explain why you should vote for 
If you want to know how to prevail through tough circumstances then read "The Art of the Comeback." 
First Obama says Egypt is not an ally. Then he promises to keep handing over aid Incompetent and unqualified. 
No surprise--Obama's Deputy Campaign Manager tweeted link from Chinese propaganda outlet Did she also write it? 
QE3 is going to further sink the dollar into oblivion. Creates artificial numbers for short term market gains. (cont) 
This is our 13th season. No precise date yet but most likely in the early spring. Shooting is underway. Will be terrific. 
Jody--Agreed. 
RT For nearly 4 years, Barack Obama has refused to crack down on China's cheating &amp; American workers have paid the price. 
Why doesn't Obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in Egypt have live ammunition? They need it fast. 
It's amazing--@hardball_chris has completely lost all connections to reality. He is a complete shill for Obama. 
Thanks Scott. I appreciate your nice words. 
Josh--Thanks, I think you're right. 
Sometimes that's necessary. 
Amazing--playing with an ankle injury, Captain Derek Jeter tied Willie Mays last night for #10 on (cont) 
Via "Donald Trump Calls Barack Obama 'Incompetent'" 
My interview discussing QE3, the housing market, my stock picks and the 2012 election 
Oh no, another rapper doing a Trump song --"Young Jeezy - Trump Lyrics." Why aren't these guys paying me? 
That could be. Agreed. 
Sam, you're 100% correct. Frankly I wish they'd scram. 
I hate redesign--the logo is terrible. Lightweight Al Neuharth must've had something to do with this No wonder paper is failing. 
WOW! I just heard that the previously unknown singer Mac Miller has received over 67 million hits on his song "Donald Trump." 
"Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program." -- Milton Friedman 
Must see video--Obama's criticism of is identical to Carter's on Reagan 
I keep getting great feedback on new #TRUMP cologne 'Success.' Exclusively available at And best shirts &amp; ties 
Congratulations to Obama and the The federal deficit has topped $1T for a fourth year in a row 
Nice work! 
Welcome to Obama's America--record high poverty and an 8% drop in median household family income Four more years? 
.@MittRomney should continue to stay on offense on the embassy issue. Obama, who put these radicals in power, deserves blame. 
Obama's convention bounce is gone. has retaken the lead in the latest 
It's Thursday, how many more bias press reports will be released against 
Why are we still giving billions of dollars we don't have in foreign aid to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt? 
I will be speaking Monday, September 24,
 (10 A.M.) at Liberty University, to a record setting student body. I look forward to it! 
The media is pathetic. Our embassies are savaged by radicals while Obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize 
What a coincidence that Obama's good friends in Libya and Egypt picked 9/11 to attack our embassies. 
With allies like Egypt and Libya, who needs enemies?! 
Shouldn't there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 9/11? 
Obama told that Egypt is no longer an ally. They used to be until he pushed out Mubarak. 
Filming of the record 13th season of has started. Be sure to be on the lookout for future updates. 
Wake Up America! See article: "Israeli Science: Obama Birth Certificate is a Fake" 
If Obama was smart, he would cancel the Muslim Brotherhood's WH visit later this month. He won't. 
With the high prices of corn to continue expect even more inflation on the price of food. 
Obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst President we have ever had. 
We threw our ally Mubarak overboard and Egypt is now our enemy. Great going Obama--Israel is in trouble. 
This is all about American weakness and an incompetent President. 
Weakness, cow towing and not standing firm is provocative. We are getting pushed around and robbed under this President. 
"The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary." -- Vince Lombardi 
Our $16T national debt is now bigger than our $15T GDP. If Obama is re-elected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013. 
Deja vu - I can remember a time when our embassies were stormed under another failed President. Obama=Carter. 
I guess Obama's Cairo Speech really worked out. The Muslim Brotherhood stormed our embassy on 9.11. Imagine if Obama speaks in Beijing? 
"Those who refuse to draw red line to Iran don't have the moral right to put a red line to -- 
No surprise. displayed Russian ships in tribute to vets Did they mean to honor the Russians? 
Obama will go down as the worst President in history on many topics but especially foreign policy. 
"It's disgraceful that the Obama Administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic (cont) 
So Obama can host the Muslim Brotherhood Pres. Morsi in the White House but doesn't have time for 
OPEC will use yesterday's attacks on our embassies to raise the price of gas. They are always ripping us off. 
It's Wednesday, how many more of our embassies will be stormed by Islamists? 
What did we get for fighting in Libya besides a dead Ambassador. Demand their oil. 
As bad as they were, I don't remember our embassies being attacked when Mubarak and Gaddafi were in power. 
The Middle East is blowing up--we didn't back Egypt and now they riot against us. Iran is using Iraqi airspace, (cont) 
Obama is a disaster at foreign policy. Never had the experience or knowledge. He is not capable of doing the job. 
Libya is selling its oil to China--I notice the Chinese Ambassador is very safe. 
I always said the people we fought for in Libya were bad news. Once again, I was right. 
Obama doesn't know what he's doing. His foreign policy is a disaster. Libya, Egypt, Iraq, Afghanistan--all (cont) 
An attack on our Embassy is an attack on our soil. We have been attacked by Libya. Go into Libya &amp; take the (cont) 
We fight to free Libya and they kill our Ambassador and other Americans. Obama's foreign policy is a joke. 
When will Obama next go on vacation if he wins the election? The day after. 
Why is the Pentagon wasting precious dollars on going 'green.' Complete waste. We need the best &amp; easiest fuel for our military. 
I hope the realizes that if they blow this election the Tea Party won't be with them next time. 
"There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare." -- Sun Tzu 
"If Obama wins it is the end of the Republican party." -- 
Amazing. has started filming our record 13th season this week thanks to our big and very loyal fan base. 
Priorities--while fundraising and campaigning on our dime, Obama has skipped over 50% of his intel briefings 
http://t.co/IhiIaKPa 
China is an international pariah. They are now harassing Japan over its purchase of 3 uninhabited islands 
Why won't Obama release his college applications? Is there something 'foreign' about them? 
84% of US troops wounded &amp; 70% of our brave men &amp; women killed in Afghanistan have all come under Obama. Time to get out of there. 
Whatever happened to Obama's 'independent investigation' into national security leaks from his administration? Where's the media? 
The onus of the Chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers &amp; their union. Inexcusable to leave children without school. 
On this solemn day of remembrance we can all take joy in the fact that Bin Laden's last sight was a Navy SEAL pulling the trigger. 
"Trump: If Republicans 'don't get tough, they're not going to win this election'" via 
My #TrumpTuesday interview with Ken Langone &amp; Dick Grasso discussing the Chicago teachers' strike 2012 
Discussing the 9/11 attack and coverage with while hosting the 25th anniversary of his show 
An impromptu interview I did with German TV on 9/11 down by Ground Zero discussing the attack and WTC Towers 
Today we remember and honor our fellow Americans and NYPD and FDNY who fell 11 years ago. 
Obama called August's job report "progress." Overall, 96K new jobs &amp; over 173K new people on food stamps
http://t.co/OD3nBmsK 
"You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals."
--General George S. Patton 
Why has Barack Obama repeatedly told inconsistent stories about his religious background? Who is he? 
Barack Obama used to mock Bush's 300K monthly job reports Now Obama wishes he could have a month half as good. 
"President Obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people"
--Clint Eastwood 
Obama asked a 7 yr old for his birth certificate. He's "in your face" because the Republicans dropped the ball. (cont) 
In today's #trumpvlog I speak about Clint Eastwood, the #DNC, and Drew Peterson- 
"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life." -- Winston Churchill 
I'll be on on Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in! 
One of the best moves I ever made was staying out of last decade's artificial real estate boom. But I used the downturn to my advantage. 
During presidency, median family income has fallen 4.8% Terrible for the middle class. 
A lot of people strongly advised me against doing Next week we start filming the record 13th season
Hence, go with your gut! 
If had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 11.2% 
This chart from AEI's shows how terrible 'recovery' really is: Disaster. 
Unemployment rate only dropped because more people are out of labor force &amp; have stopped looking for work.Not a real recovery, phony numbers 
There are now 119,000 fewer Americans employed than there were in July. The economy is still terrible. 
Today's job report is dismal. Now a record 88,921,000 Americans are no longer in the work force. 
Drew Peterson, a real sleaze, just convicted of killing wife. Change the law so he gets death penalty. 
Dems had a very good and professional convention. The Republicans must be smart and tough--and fast! 
The Republicans must get Virgil Goode out of the race in Virginia. He will take votes away from 
The YouTube of the 2012 Miss USA contestants, and me singing "Call Me Maybe" has over 2M views. 
Under 1 out of every 7 Americans is on food stamps. 
Scary--while has been POTUS for 1.6% of America's history, he has amassed 33.3% of the total debt. 
"We've gone from $10 trillion that the president inherited from all prior presidents to $16 trillion" -- 
"Forty-seven million now on food stamps. When he came to office there were 32 million. He's added 15 million people." --@MittRomney 
The Chinese are mistreating Hillary Clinton on her trip They have zero respect for us. Outrageous! 
Remember while is lauding himself tonight with self-indulgent compliments we have our brave soldiers fighting in Afghanistan. 
After speech tonight--which should be well delivered--reality will hit Friday morning when the new jobs report is released. 
The delegates at the convention keep shouting "Four More Years." Four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6T in debt? 
Now we will never know if would have been able to fill Bank of America Stadium. Pretty convenient. 
.@BarackObama is now taking credit for changing party platform language but he reviewed it prior to the convention 
"Donald Trump Has Given Millions To Pro-Romney SuperPACs and His Whole Family Is Cutting Checks to Mitt's Campaign" 
Iran is flying supply planes to Syria through Iraqi airspace. Thank you, United States, for making this possible! 
Bill Clinton did a great job last night--the Democrats are lucky to have him. Do you really believe he likes 
Once again under@BarackObama, the US has fallen down the ranks of global competitiveness 
 We must do better. 
Other networks are begging me to do a show--I can't because I'm doing the Apprentice! 
"Change before you have to." --Jack Welch 
Scary thought--is the sexual pervert Anthony Weiner now in Charlotte? Did he bring his phone with him? 
The Democrats dropped all references to God from their platform. Not good! 
Have you seen the new #TRUMP line of clothing, apparel and fragrances Selling like hotcakes. Great for Christmas gifts, etc. 
Better off? The $16T US debt works out to $136,260 per household, a 50% increase since took office. 
North Carolina is a fantastic state with wonderful people. I enjoy my time there when I visit Trump National Charlotte. 
I wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the Democrats in Charlotte right now. 
Almost every T.V. show is asking me to go on--especially the It's simple--I get the ratings! 
.@serenawilliams is a special player. After winning the Gold for the US in the Olympics, it looks like she will (cont) 
With all the talk of fiscal responsibility at the convention yesterday, it was ironic that the debt passed $16T. 
.@lancearmstrong, revise your decision to quit--go back and fight. 
Why does US doping agency destroy an American icon, for events that took place years ago in France? 
.@lancearmstrong teammate is angry and jealous--he is no Lance. 
Very good speech by under great pressure--Dems should be proud! 
No surprise. is letting the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt default on their US loans Big mistake! 
July U.S. construction had biggest drop in 12months. Bad indicator on economic numbers for rest of the year. 
What message does it send when campaign has to spin whether America is better off than it was 4 years ago? 
OPEC is better off than they were 4 years ago. Gas has more than doubled during term. Outrageous! 
The Chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago. They have stolen even more from us in jobs &amp; trade during term. 
NBC Wall St Journal Poll of African American voters: 94% 0% worse than Hillary's old numbers. Is that racism? 
With our national debt passing $16T during the convention, has amassed more debt than the first 42 presidents. Scary. 
Record setting gas prices in the U.S. -- we're really looking dumb. Lots of $'s being made on us. 
The media can track down old girlfriend and marathon time but can't find college applications or other info. 
Smart move by having Pres. Bill Clinton deliver the convention keynote. 
Is this Hope &amp; Change? A record 46.7M Americans were on food stamps this past June. We must do better. 
Why does have such a fascination with my plane? He is more than welcomed to come for a ride. 
Joe Paterno's family should sue the idiots that made that ridiculous deal--and commissioned the one sided report. 
"Be yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -- Steve Jobs 
As I predicted 1 year ago, gasoline prices hit a record high today...OPEC is having a ball at our expense. 
Great going Andy Roddick! Another victory for a fabulous player. Brooklyn Decker is good luck. 
I win awards for speaking-but the enemies either won't comment or will say only bad...leave Clint alone! 
If you have a speech-one that would put Winston Churchill to shame, liberals would find a way to make it sound terrible! 
on tonight with her fabulous Melania Timepieces &amp; Jewelry. Tune in at 1AM EST! 
Republicans are always saying Obama is such a nice guy. When will they learn that he is not? 
Andy Roddick...a great tennis player is a fantastic guy with a wonderful wife. 
Republicans should have been much tougher on Obama. Just wait until you see what Obama does to Romney at the DNC! 
China is now deploying drones across ocean routes used for trade They stole the technology from us. 
.@BarackObama's assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs to China." --@MittRomney 
I am sure the Chinese are getting anxious. They watch the polls. won't let them cheat us anymore. 
We have all the cards. Now is the time to make a great deal with Iran. 
.@GovMikeHuckabee was great the other night. People love him. 
"Obama's ideas don't move us 'Forward,' they take us 'Backwards.' These are ideas people come to America to get away from." --@marcorubio 
.@MittRomney's entire life and career have built prosperity and growth. 
I loved watching Clint Eastwood last night--he was terrific! 
"If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you will never change the outcome." -- Michael Jordan 
Gas prices are about to hit a record high during the Labor Day weekend. could have stopped this. 
It's Friday, how many advertisers dropped today? 
A fact--golfers don't get aches &amp; pains like others who don't golf. It is amazingly remedial. 
Of course attacked 'birthers' in praising speech. Chris has completely lost it. 
Letterman begging me to go back on his low rated show--calls lots--must apologize for racist comment. 
Too busy playing golf? sends form letters with an electronic signature to the parents of fallen SEALs 
I am impressed with how clearly explains the challenges we face and the solutions will bring as President. 
Book on Bin Laden is a terrible violation of code--makes story a big lie. 
I wonder what was thinking last night as delivered that knockout speech. Joe should call in sick for the VP debate. 
"After four years of getting the run-around, America needs a turnaround, and the man for the job is Governor Mitt Romney." 
The dummies left Iraq (and Libya) without the oil! 
"Let me say it as clearly as possible, that the attack on my Catholic brothers and sisters is an attack on me." -- Huckabee 
Congratulations to on last night's tremendous speech. Mike united the party faithful and explained that we can do better. 
Only two weeks until we start shooting We really have something amazing for the fans this year. 
Gas prices are way too high. With an economy contracting and lower demand, how do OPEC &amp; the speculators get away with this?! 
Even the SEALS who killed Bin Laden don't like 
It's Thursday and again I ask--how much money is China stealing from us? 
I was putting together my early deals in New York &amp; I was advised by many that I was too young. Believe in yourself &amp; you can do anything. 
China's media is attacking while endorsing Of course. Mitt knows it's Time To Get Tough. 
I am astonished that the media continues to lie. gutted welfare reform. It is a fact! 
"America needs and and we need them right now." -- 
"No one will work harder. No one will move heaven and earth like Mitt Romney to make this country a better place to live!" -- 
"New business start-ups at the lowest level in 30 years and the EPA is now the Employment Prevention Agency." -- 
It's Wednesday, how much money is China stealing from us today? 
Great speech by my good friend He did something you won't hear at convention---tell the truth. 
My #TrumpTuesday interview discussing the 2012 election, OPEC ripping us off &amp; job policy 
Congratulations to on delivering a knock out speech last night. America can't wait to call her our First Lady. 
An excerpt of my interview at the Sarasota 'Statesman of the Year' dinner discussing the Tea Party 
China must be worried that will win this November. They have never had such a pushover like 
What a coincidence--Michelle Obama called Kenya "homeland" in 2008 
.@BarackObama's dismal job record is reason alone that he must be defeated this November. 
I am very worried that if is re-elected then Medicare will be destroyed. We must take care of our seniors. 
I can't wait to read this...RT SEAL Book Explodes, Obama Furious 
.@BarackObama's Super PAC has continually called a "murderer" Ironic since Obama is destroying Medicare. 
"I stand ready to lead us down a new path, where we are lifted up by our desire to succeed, not by a resentment of success." -- 
It's Tuesday--how much inflation has spending caused today on the price of food and gas? 
.@GovChristie is going to do a fantastic job tonight explaining why should be elected and has to go. 
.@MELANIATRUMP and I are looking forward to watching speech tonight. She is an amazing woman who will be a great First Lady! 
Happy to hear that Faith and Freedom chapters are at the convention supporting We must be united to win! 
Remember when ran for Governor of California. She got 3 votes. 
"Trump urges GOP to be 'mean as hell'" Via 
Ask China if their rapidly expanding (with our money) Navy or Armed Forces are going "green" -- They would laugh in your face! 
.@RobinRoberts everyone adores you- including me- get well fast! 
My interview discussing the Convention, businesses making products in China and unemployment 
The Bay Bridge in San Francisco is being built by the Chinese--tremendous cost overruns. A total mess. We should build our own bridges, etc 
Don't think my statement on was harsh, if you knew her and the phony Huffington Post you would understand--- more to follow. 
.@ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision. 
.@FinancialTimes writes that "@BarackObama should pray that China overtakes US" Don't worry, he is making it happen. 
The US Navy wants to go "green." Our Navy should use the best &amp; most powerful fuel &amp; not play games. Give me a break! 
As usual, the weather people got it wrong in Tampa. They just look for headlines &amp; ratings! 
Media silent when called a murderer &amp; felon. Mitt mentions 'birth certificate' and they go nuts. Double standard! 
.@BarackObama has completely failed the American people. U.S. annual incomes have fallen over 5% during his term 
"They succeed, because they think they can." -- Virgil 
Look what happened to the autism rate from 1983-2008 since one-time massive shots were given to children-http://t.co/lpq2SveJ 
It is very sad to see what has done with NASA. He has gutted the program and made us dependent on the Russians. 
Sorry to hear of the passing of Neil Armstrong over the weekend. He was an American hero. 
One point I made last night and will continue to push is that the can't be pollitically correct. We must fight fire with fire. 
I knew Chris Matthews when he was sane and, quite honestly, wonderful. Now he's gone off the deep end as an Obama surrogate. 
Why do the Republicans keep apologizing on the so called "birther" issue? No more apologies--take the offensive! 
"The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success." --Irving Berlin 
.@BarackObama is begging the Eurozone to keep Greece in until after 11.6.12. He thinks the world revolves around his re-election. 
.@BarackObama sent over 100,000 jobs and Canadian oil to China all because he would not approve Keystone XL. 
I am sure the will do a great job bracketing the convention. They are a tremendous statewide organization. 
It's Friday. How many bald eagles did wind turbines kill today? They are an environmental &amp; aesthetic disaster. 
.@DineshDSouza's '2016: Obama's America' is expanding to over 1,000 theaters this weekend. Will be highest grossing documentary in 2012. !! 
Florida has been very good to me. I am really esxcited to give back at the Sarasota GOP event and convention. Will be fun! 
Life brings you many surprises. As a child I used to vacation with my family at the Doral in Miami. Now I own it. 
Here is a letter I received yesterday from someone who has had personal experience with our health care situation. 
I am proud of the Tea Party. These great patriots have accomplished so much in strengthening our country in only 3 short years. 
Disgusting--@BarackObama's supporters are launching an anti-Mormon whisper campaign Shameful but no surprise. 
.@BarackObama is bankrupting this country. His budget adds another $4.4T to the debt, putting us over $20T in total debt by 2016. 
Terrible tragedy at the Empire State Building today. Must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals. 
Via "Falwell on Trump: He 'was willing to say publicly' what conservatives said 'privately'" 
Former Navy SEAL Questions birthplace
http://t.co/M9YVlUGA 
.@lancearmstrong should immediately reconsider or his legacy is ruined. 
I am very surprised that gave up. I never thought he was a quitter... 
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood President is visiting us next month. is so excited. 
The Muslim brotherhood is sending tanks into the Sinai &amp; saying it doesn't violate Camp David accord. 
"When your life flashes before your eyes, make sure you've got plenty to watch." --Anonymous 
A hurricane will be coming to Tampa. My convention surprise hits Monday night! 
The independent watchdog who exonerated for the failed green energy loans just donated $52,500 to Obama's campaign. 
The opening of #TrumpScotland- an exciting day on perhaps the world's best golf course, watch the video- 
.@MittRomney will make us energy independent by 2020 will keep wasting money on Solyndra projects. 
You have already made plenty because of me. How about a 50/50 cut(just joking) see you soon! 
...Spread shots out over long period and watch positive result. 
Massive combined inoculations to small children is the cause for big increase in autism.... 
Amazing--@VanityFair survived one more day without folding. The clock is ticking... 
In any business venture, remember that branding is one of the most crucial aspects of your enterprise. Fight hard for that brand of yours. 
"Statesman of the Year" in Sarasota, FL on Sunday night--will be terrific--a total sellout. 
Wind turbines are a scourge to communities and wildlife. They are environmental disasters. 
It is truly an honor that His Eminence Archbishop of New York will be delivering the benediction at the convention. 
It's Thursday. I wonder how much money drained from Medicare today to finance ObamaCare. 
Great new ad from titled "Nothing's Free" detailing both the high costs and taxes of ObamaCare. 
Via "@realDonaldTrump to speak at 
Today we just passed 1.4 million twitter followers.. 
It's sad to see once decent newspapers like failing so badly. I just don't know if they can be saved. 
One of the best moves I made early in my career was buying the air rights from Tiffany's flagship. Trump Tower gleams over Fifth Avenue. 
"Change is not a destination, just as hope is not a strategy." -- Rudy Giuliani 
Here's a sneak peek at the convention theme: "It's not our fault. Blame Bush. Oh, and government built it." 
It's Wednesday. I wonder how much money borrowed from China today? 
.@BarackObama said he doesn't take the Navy Seals campaigning against him "too seriously." 
Can't wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in Sarasota and Tampa! Hey We Did Build It! 
.@EdRendell's book, "A Nation of Wusses" is an excellent read--especially page 10. Go get it! 
Congratulations to Derek Jeter on passing Eddie Murray last night to become the 11th all-time hit leader. 
We are about to have a record $500B trade deficit with the Chinese this year. That money should be back here financing jobs in America. 
Putin just sent a Russian nuclear sub to the Gulf of Mexico. can't be bothered, he is too concerned with taxes. 
Gas prices are soaring. $4.12 in CA. OPEC is laughing at how stupid we are. 
.@BarackObama was caught telling Russian PM that he can be more 'flexible' in his second term. Russia thinks he's weak. 
My shirts, ties and fragrance are doing "great" at them! Make fantastic gifts. 
.@washingtonpost thinks is "What Washington's Social Scene Needs" Truth is, she's amazing. 
"An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous." --Henry Ford 
Many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerning background. I, for one, won't be. 
It's amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for 'The Art of The Deal.' The book has changed a lot of lives. 
I am tired of talking about father. Why don't we discuss Barack Obama Sr.! 
Only three weeks until the new season of begins filming--great all-star cast. 
Glad to hear attack ad featuring my plane is playing in North Carolina. Free ad time for Trump National in Charlotte! 
Distressed real estate opportunities can make great investments. You need the foresight and instincts to know the property's true potential. 
Every economic climate, whether an uptick or downturn, presents new opportunities and challenges. 
Amazing--both Transformers &amp; Dark Knight Rises featured Trump properties and each grossed over $1B. Just coincidence. 
.@RogerJStoneJr was great on last night. Roger and Larry are good friends! 
It's Tuesday. I wonder how much money lost today--great purchase AOL 
Glad to hear that has put some strong anti-China referendums in the convention platform. 
We have to get tough with China before they destroy us. 
In less than a week I'll be honored by Sarasota GOP as Statesman of the Year &amp; then give my big surprise to convention. Will be fun! 
If you have any doubt that must be defeated see '2016: Obama's America.' Amazing film! 
More of my #TRUMPTUESDAY interview discussing how the US gets killed negotiating with other countries 
My interview discussing #TRUMPTUESDAYS high ratings, statement &amp; policies 
My interview discussing how is running a hateful campaign &amp; the convention 'Surprise' 
The released a new #StrongisBeautiful celebrity campaign today. Amazing athletes. Proud to be a part of this. 
Congratulations to Billy Payne and on doing the right thing. 
.@Rosie, get better fast. I'm starting to miss you! 
"I dream for a living." --Steven Spielberg 
Why are we continuing to train these Afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back? Afghanistan is a complete waste. Time to come home! 
Unemployment is up in 44 states showing July's unemployment numbers to be broad based is a job killer. 
Scary thought--@JoeBiden is a heartbeat away from the Presidency. 
Americans already believe that is better qualified to serve as President over No surprise. 
Oil is rising back over $100 barrel. OPEC loves to rip us off. Why shouldn't they--they always get away with it. 
Congratulations to and Arnold on 'Expendables 2' #1 box office opening. Still going strong! 
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." 
--Vidal Sassoon 
I'll be on on Monday at 7:30 AM--tune in! 
Congratulations to on leading Virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year. He is a fantastic governor. 
If really loved this country, he wouldn't be destroying it. He has ruined our credit and killed jobs with ObamaCare. 
US government's foreign indebtedness has grown over 72% under He is bleeding us dry to China. 
The US government's foreign debt is at a record $5.29T China is laughing all the way to the bank. 
.@MittRomney &amp; get what needs to be done to reign in China. gets kicked around by the Chinese. 
Great speech on China by yesterday where he explains why China is treating like a "Doormat" 
Even NY Democrats are avoiding convention He is dragging his own party down with him 
Great sign:"We built this business without government help. Obama can kiss our a--!" Commonly heard now across America! 
.@DineshDSouza had to give $1,000 to brother for his child's hospital bill Isn't that disgraceful? 
Via "Trump course sparks international interest" 
My interview discussing why is not a nice guy, and who will win the 2012 election
 
My interview on discussing why debt commission should be discussed in debates &amp; convention 
Jeffrey Robinson's #TrumpTower has it all. The ultra rich, powerful, and beautiful. It's your summer must-read. 
The country of Georgia is a small wonder. Performing well economically under the leadership of A great American ally. 
...@BarackObama is hiding plenty of bad things. 
.@MittRomney shouldn't give additional tax returns until gives his passport records, college records &amp; applications... 
"The harder I work, the luckier I get." -- Samuel Goldwyn 
Wind farms are killing many thousands of birds. They make hunters look like nice people! 
Palm Springs, CA has been destroyed--absolutely destroyed--by the world's ugliest wind farm at the Gateway on Interstate 10. Very very sad! 
Good news - has pulled ahead in Wisconsin WIth on the ticket, Wisconsin is in play. 
I always said will attack Iran, in some form, prior to the election. 
.@Israel could very well be close to attacking Iran. Could be this election's big October surprise... 
Jennifer Aniston is engaged--she's a great person and I wish her well. 
There are only 22 days for to drop Obama is not a loyal guy. I think he is strongly considering it. 
I still hold the all-time attendance and pay per view record at 
Congratulations to on passing 1,000 episodes. is still going strong after all these years--@VinceMcMahon is great! 
There's only only one person who has defunded Medicare. His name is 
Certain Internet sites are like a bad epidemic that won't go away---others are terrific 
A great photo of and me 
I wonder what the work atmosphere is like It must be hard working at a dying institution. 
What's more dangerous for the country--the Iranian nuclear threat or as President? 
My interview with Don Imus on discussing my convention surprise &amp; China policy 
The Huffington Post is such a loser--it will die just as AOL is dying, What a stupid deal AOL made to buy it! 
Military reps have attacked over Bin Laden leaks--they believe he's just using this for his benefit. Not a big surprise... 
One of the hardest jobs in politics must be cleaning up after gaffes. I feel sorry for his spokespeople. 
The should have an amazing team next year with Kobe, Nash and Howard. Will be fun to watch. 
"Mr. President, take your campaign of division and anger and hate back to Chicago." -- 
"If you don't have a competitive advantage, don't compete." -- Jack Welch 
Chelsea Clinton will be very successful in the world of politics. She's always been a great person--a winner. (cont) 
is suggesting football is going away and will lose. is a moron. 
$716 Billion from Medicare by When will it end? 
Congratulations to Linda McMahon on her victory in the Connecticut Senate primary. She is an amazing woman--smart as you get! 
I have always done well with properties fronting on oceans, lakes and rivers. If something works, stay with it. 
My acquisition of the Doral in Maimi will be a major success for the Trump Organization. The re-building is on schedule. 
I have hired renowned golf course architect Gil Hanse to rebuild The Blue Monster at Doral. He designed the 2016 (cont) 
Scary thought--what is the pervert Anthony Weiner doing with all the free time he has. Does he collect unemployment? 
.@MissTeenUSA visited today- 
Richard Mourdock--a very good man running for the Senate in Indiana. Hopefully, he will win! 
I'm really glad that no longer says what a nice guy is. 
Lightweight reporter Alex Pareene is known as a total joke in political circles. Hence, he writes for Loser Salon. 
Congratulations to on winning last night's primary! 
While is a gaffe machine, yesterday's comments that will "put y'all back in chains" was not at all proper. 
Watch explain how "'It's irrefutable' that President Obama is damaging Medicare'" 
Nobody wants wind turbines, they are failing all over the world and need massive subsidy--a disaster for taxpayers. 
.@BarackObama is promoting ugly, inefficient, unreliable, bird-killing, noisy, neighborhood-destroying wind turbines. Big mistake. 
The Euro is going to collapse soon. Cross border lending is already down and banks are stopping their Euro investments. 
"The Chinese are planning on going to the Moon...I hope they stop and take a look at our flag that was put there 43 years ago." -@MittRomney 
Great news--Chinese companies who were fixing prices and accounting are leaving the US stock market #TimeToGetTough 
Every sports fan is treated to an All Star game. The loyal and growing fan base of will be getting a much bigger treat! 
By the US winning the Olympic medal count, we proved that both the American spirit &amp; talent is greater than a 1.4B population. USA! 
Glad to hear will be delivering the Keynote for the convention. He will deliver a strong message. 
Today I am working on my 'big surprise' for the convention. Everyone will love it. 
Now is the time to buy a house if you can DIRECTLY from a bank. They want to get rid of all their foreclosures. 
Via "Donald Trump to 'surprise' GOP convention. What might he do?" Answer: Something major! 
Via "Trump will have 'memorable' role at GOP convention" It's true, just wait and see... 
My interview discussing pick of how to frame Medicare debate &amp; convention 
Today is #TrumpTuesday on 7:30 AM. Tune in! 
Congratulations to our Olympic team for by far winning the most medals, including first place gold. 
Glad to hear patriotic Americans are organizing a movement this August to boycott Chinese products People get it! 
Obama Care stole more then $500M from Medicare. 
Trump Chicago was featured in Transformers 3. Trump Tower was featured in Dark Knight Rises. Both are summer blockbusters. #MidasTouch 
The Chicago machine is scared. shows that will run on a conservative &amp; coherent platform. 85 days until victory! 
Today will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from China. Just another day at the office. 
Monday morning 7:30 AM I'll be on Tune in! 
"Believe you can and you're halfway there."
--Pres. Theodore Roosevelt 
Over 2 million people have lost their jobs since became POTUS. How many of them still have healthcare? 
RT Was Barack Obama A Foreign Exchange Student? 
Waste--@BarackObama's Dep. of Energy was warned in advance by Treasury that it wasn't loaning $ out in good deals 
Sad--only 36% think America's best days are ahead while 49% believe they are in the past We can &amp; must do better. 
Congratulations to our great Women's Olympic Soccer team on their gold medal. They made us all proud! 
Watch my video blog to see if your questions from my Facebook page were answered- 
Our airports are Third World--horrible. Let's rebuild them by people who know how to do it--inexpensively. 
.@lolojones given a raw deal in story--not fair. 
SUN newspaper/Scotland reports that "Tourism jump is thanks to Trump." 8,000 visitors in one month from 20 countries,,, 
Newsmax article: 'Trump Declines Prime Time GOP Convention Speech' 
http://t.co/A968lMWo 
I will be speaking the night before the RNC in Sarasota, FL, when I receive the "Statesman of the Year" award. 
As we told the I was asked to speak at the RNC but said no, because I will be doing something much bigger--just watch! 
The failing New York Daily News knowingly incorrectly reported that I wanted to speak at the Republican National Convention--wrong! 
China is cooking up conspiracy theories that the Olympics are rigged. They don't understand why they can't cheat. 
All recent Presidents have released their transcripts. What is hiding? 
The Penn State Board should resign based on the grossly incompetent way they handled the NCAA. They gave away (cont) 
Received a beautiful letter from Joe Paterno's son, Jay. He really loved and respected his father. 
.@PapaJohns CEO John Schnatte has told shareholders that ObamaCare will force him to raise pizza prices 
REPEAL! 
.@MikeTyson and I gave a great review of your show in my #trumpvlog 
A review of show, great press on Trump International Golf Links Scotland, and more in today's #trumpvlog- 
Waste. With 22 new taxes &amp; $1.8T in added debt, disgraceful 'ObamaCare' will still leave 30M uninsured 
Just letting China know in advance that the USA will win the medal count in the Olympics. Even with your cheating you can't beat us. 
.@MacMiller's 'Donald Trump' song is at 64.5M views on YouTube You're welcome Mac! 
Even more crony capitalism &amp; corruption. We are guaranteeing a $105M loan to another Obama donor 
See Newsmax story re Republican National Convention 
Over 100M are now receiving some form of welfare We must do better. has the vision to get America working. 
"Americans never quit." -- General Douglas MacArthur 
The brand new season of starts filming in less than 5 weeks. The 'All Star' cast will be announced very soon. 
I wonder if ever had an Indonesian passport. Did he become an Indonesian citizen when he lived there? 
Have you been to the in the Trump Tower Atrium? Best meatloaf in the City--my mother's famous recipe. 212.836.3249 
To all struggling young entrepreneurs--stay positive in this tough climate and keep looking for good deals. They are out there. 
DESPERATE- is already asking supporters to 'find dirt' on VP picks Dirty tactics. 
These are facts: In 2001, the US opened its markets to China &amp; since then more than 2 million Americans can't (cont) 
Job openings are at a 4 year high but businesses aren't hiring Why? ObamaCare, US debt &amp; tax plan. 
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." -- William James 
.@BarackObama-Hood: Rob our children's future by borrowing from the Chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us. 
No surprise that China was caught cheating in the Olympics. That's the Chinese M.O. - Lie, Cheat &amp; Steal in all international dealings. 
Pathetic--@BarackObama is 'sweetening' his offer to the Taliban Read 'The Art of The Deal.' 
I always enjoy being interivewed on by John Gambling. My father Fred used to listen to his father's show. 
My interview on The John Gambling Show discussing the 2012 election, Trump real estate projects &amp; our airports 
Our major airports are decaying. It's embarrassing. We need to have them renovated by competent professionals--and fast. 
My interview on discussing the convention, sealed records &amp; real estate advice 
My interview on discussing dirty tactics &amp; how should respond 
The NYPost reports "@VanityFair Magazine dropped 18% to only 283,938 newsstand copies sold." Very sad &amp; their bloggers are doing even worse! 
Great article by -- "Obama's College Classmate: 'The Obama Scandal Is at Columbia'" 
Tucson killer Loughner should be given the death penalty, not his plea bargained life in prison--which will cost (cont) 
.@HuffingtonPost is doing very badly. Also, very inaccurate stories. Like AOL, when will they fail? 
People are finally beginning to hit China and OPEC. They never give me credit for being the first--by far--but that's okay! 
Looking forward to meeting the great folks of Sarasota GOP party when I am honored as 'Statesman of the Year.' Should be a wonderful time. 
Glad that is hitting on ending work requirements for welfare. Obama attacks the American work ethic. 
Tune in for my interview with tonight at 10 pm, 
I am honored that has featured my plane in one of his attack ads. It was made in America! 
A 'confidential source' has called my office and told me that has added over $6T to the new national debt &amp; ruined US credit. 
Glad to hear that will be speaking at the Convention. He is a true conservative and fantastic governor! 
To the geniuses at 'Americans United for Change': the more you tax me the less people I employ. Get it? 
Now the world is looking to China for an economic 'lift' has ruined our economic hegemony. 
I have founded and run one of the largest real estate empires in the world. I employ thousands of people. Why am I the enemy? 
The has 'clarified' that the unemployment is actually 8.254% not 8.3% A little sensitive are we? 
The real outsourcer - is funding German automakers with the GM bailout money How does that help us? 
Now China 'calls in' US diplomats to lecture them on their illegal escapades. The new reality. is weak. 
I went to play. I will be doing a review in the next #trumpvlog. 
Glad to hear Clint Eastwood endorsed He understands that America needs a big boost to be strong again. 
Outrageous--@BarackObama is suing to suppress the military vote in Ohio Our Commander in Chief should be ashamed. 
My interview discussing the convention, sealed records &amp; tax claim
http://t.co/fD5WYSze 
The real war on women--over 175,000 fewer held jobs in July &amp; 94,000 dropped out of labor force We must do better. 
Congratulations to marked the 1 YR anniversary of our country's credit being downgraded 
The Senate should be more concerned about actually passing a budget than spreading lies about taxes. 
The Fed should not do another 'stimulus.' We can't keep spending our children's future away on waste. 
Convenient - David Plouffe collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate only a month before joining 
Wrong--@BarackObama's '08 campaign manager &amp; current Senior WH Advisor collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate 
.@MittRomney will create 2 million new jobs if elected POTUS. If reelected, will create over $12T in new debt. Easy choice. 
"Failure defeats losers, failure inspires winners." -- Robert T. Kiyosaki
@theRealKiyosaki 
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that bought his house with the help of Tony Rezko. 
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that birth certificate is a fraud. 
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office &amp; told me that applied to Occidental as a foreign student--think about it! 
China's Olympic training program is abusive It is modern day slavery &amp; shameful. Their (cont) 
Our athletes in the Olympics are proving once again to be the greatest competitors in the world. Makes us proud to be Americans. 
Congratulations to on concluding the greatest Olympic career ever. You have made us all very proud. 
Congratulations to Gabby Douglas on winning the Gold for the USA in gymnastics. She is terrific! 
Over 150,000 more of our fellow Americans dropped out of the workforce in July. is a disaster! 
New job numbers once again show no growth or recovery. Unemployment has been over 8% for 41 straight months--now up to 8.3% 
US interest payments on the debt have already passed $375B this year 
http://t.co/hCpQuryC China is laughing at us---as usual. 
Great new ad from 'Next Year...President in Jerusalem, the Capital of Israel' 
Good--@marcorubio is trying to eliminate the tax on Olympic medals Our athletes should not be taxed on their wins. 
Make sure to grab your copy of this month's detailing "The Trump Effect" 
We need a President who understands the economy - has US unemployment at 8.2% in July, up from 8% in June 
In '08, hit Bush for secrecy When will Obama release all his sealed college records?! 
"Capital isn't scarce; vision is." 

--Sam Walton 
So generous and pious! After spending millions of our tax dollars on his campaign through travel, donated to himself. 
More lies and deceptions--@BarackObama is having his ex-staffers write 'independent' studies for his reelection 
The U.S. manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses under He has stood idle while China steals our jobs. 
Jobless claims rose yet again last week economic record is abysmal--we can do much better. 
Thanks for the beautiful picture--- you are fantastic! 
Congratulations to on his Texas primary victory last night. He will be an outstanding Senator. 
The deficits under are the highest in America's history. Why is he bankrupting our country? 
Now is issuing regulatory demands to states ordering no firings in November 
.@MittRomney Op-Ed "Culture Does Matter" : 
Ohio Senator knows how to return prosperity: #Mitt2012 #tcot 
Good article: "What Happened to American Men" from by Michael Cohen 
NEW TV AD "Dream" - For these small businesses, hope and change was not so kind: #tcot 
"Donald Trump could again defy the conventional wisdom of the chattering class in November."-- cover "The Trump Effect" 
The American gymnastic team was great--our country should take their lead. 
.@MichaelPhelps--you are the greatest Olympic champion of them all. Fantastic job! 
"Control your own destiny or someone else will."
-- 
Consumer spending is continuing to fall with weak June numbers. policies have created a climate (cont) 
No member of Congress should be eligible for re-election if our country's budget is not balanced---deficits not allowed! 
You pick it! #1. Anybody that says anything derogatory about is labeled stupid, insane, or (cont) 
Enjoying the Olympics. Great coverage by as well. GO TEAM USA! 
More waste, fraud and abuse - over $460M in food stamps went to ineligible households Where's the accountability? 
Attended last night's game--Derek Jeter is both a great player and a great guy. 
In '08 called Jerusalem Israel's capital Now he attacks on Jerusalem 
Another example of diplomatic triumphs--he gave the Queen of England an iIPod filled with his speeches. 
Great to see being well-received in Poland The Poles understand the value of freedom through strength 
The polling numbers for 2012 are very interesting--will Americans ultimately want their leaders to be 'likeable' or 'competent'? 
Great job to Missy Franklin. She's got a smile that can take over the world. She's also a major talent. Great going, Missy! 
My interview discussing 2012 election polls, current trip &amp; the US housing &amp; land market 
.@BarackObama blocked Keystone. Now China is preparing a massive $1.5B oil deal with Canada. 
A terrible deal for US! 
Reckless--@BarackObama is projecting $1.2T deficit from 2012 budget &amp; a projected $25.4T debt in a decade 
Not only does ObamaCare have at least 21 new taxes but it will lead to a tremendous doctor shortfall. 
The Chinese are illegally dumping bird-killing wind turbines on our shores. Only one of many grievances--we should act. 
The US GDP in 2010 was 4.1%, down to 2% in 2011 &amp; now 1.5%. I guess plan is not working! 
.@BarackObama should be careful questioning on diplomacy--how many times has Obama apologized for our country on foreign soil?! 
.@BarackObama bowed to the Saudi King in public--yet the Dems are questioning diplomatic skills. 
The difference between and campaign promises to is that Mitt will actually keep all of his. 
Smart move by the Democrats to have Pres. play a key role in their convention. 
"There is no substitute for hard work."

--Thomas Edison 
Why has allowed the Muslim Brotherhood to visit the What Hope &amp; Change! 
The are going to have a terrific season. &amp; will do great things on the field. 
What a 'nice guy' - 97% of campaign ads have been negative attacks on 
http://t.co/rHSLJ9OQ Give it back Mitt! 
Good news - has beating 49%-44% Obama was up by 5% at same point in '08. 
I am confident when American public gets to know the race will go his way. He's honorable &amp; successful man--polls looking good. 
Price of corn has jumped over 50%. This will cause a jump in food prices perhaps beyond what we've ever seen. Nasty for the economy. 
The Audacity of Federal Reserve purchased 61% of all debt issued by Treasury in 2011. Killing our children's future. 
The Federal government has $2.7T in assets &amp; $17.5T in total liabilities plus another $4.7T in intergovernmental debt. Have a nice day. 
By folding, Penn State leadership made things worse. The deal is ridiculous &amp; punishes the wrong people. I hope the alumni sue to overturn. 
Amazing how fast all of Joe Paterno's friends abandoned him. They ran for the hills. 
Hope &amp; Change--since has taken office, the US debt has increased by an average of $64K per taxpayer. 
US Gov't is on the hook for more than a third of the world's entire debt &amp; we wonder why China &amp; OPEC are laughing all the way to the bank! 
Congratulations to is the first POTUS to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term! 
Remember when promised you could keep your coverage? Study shows 1 in 10 employers will drop health care 
Twitter is on enemies list 
Delusional--@BarackObama claims that his economic plan "worked" Is the 16% real unemployment part of the plan? 
I can't stress strongly enough that we are currently in a buyer's residential market.Try to buy directly from a bank. 
The acquisition of Ichiro was a smart move. I look forward to watching him play. 
.@penn_state leadership has permanently scarred &amp; perhaps destroyed a great university. They should have (cont) 
Which campaign is possibly on the trajectory towards insolvency? At least is consistent. 
China's domestic economic and political problems prove how pathetic our leadership is in allowing China to rip us off 
BIG--@MittRomney is preferred to handle the economy over by 63%-29% in a poll 
.@thehill discussing my interview: "Trump: 'Clamor for tax returns has died down'" 
From: "@realDonaldTrump: Public not Worried About Tax Returns" 
My interview discussing housing prices, the GDP numbers, China spreading its wealth and my stock picks. 
"Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make."

The Art of The Deal 
Fast trial and death penalty for maniac in Colorado--- immediately pass speed up legislation. 
Read this--@BarackObama's birth certificate "cannot survive judicial scrutiny" because of "phantom numbers" 
SHOCK--Hugo Chavez endorses Will he be in Chicago on election night too? 
Jay Carney won't answer reporters questions of "Why Obama won't release his college transcripts"- Come on, Jay! 
Hypocrite--@BarackObama has major investments in companies that are outsourcing jobs overseas 
Under Bain had an 80% success rate with annual returns of over 50%. Under America has added over $6T in debt. 
Foreign leaders are already requesting meetings with to warn that we are viewed as "in decline" 
Who else could take 16 vacations, play over 100 rounds of golf and hold over 300 fundraisers while serving as (cont) 
The NYPD has been doing a fantastic job protecting NYC. I hope Chief Ray Kelly is strongly considering running for mayor. 
With 15% US real unemployment and a 16T debt, Obama's luxurious Aspen vacation - her 16th - cost us over $1M 
Must read article in "@RealSheriffJoe probe could dwarf Watergate" 
Weekly jobless claims are now at an astronomical 365,000. Manufacturing sector is suffering badly. We must do better. 
My interview discussing America's financial uncertainty due to and the job report 
I'll be on Monday morning at 7:30 AM. Tune in! 
With listing himself as "Born in Kenya" in 1999http://bit.ly/JaHQW0 HI laws allowed him to produce a fake certificate. #SCAM 
Bay Bridge in San Fransisco, built in China, keeps getting worse. Cost overruns are out of control --- China is having a field day with us! 
I am impressed with the scam pulled, but the truth will come out. 
Breitbart gets it! Vote now--@BarackObama should release his college application records and grades. He says he (cont) 
At least 12 dead and 50 wounded in Colorado--bring back fast trials &amp; death penalty for mass murderers &amp; terrorists. 
Some really dumb blogger for failing a magazine whose ads are down almost 18% this year, said I wear a hairpiece --- I DON'T! 
Breitbart gets it! Vote now--Obama should release his college application records &amp; grades. He says he loves (cont) 
.@BarackObama economic gloom: jobless claims have surged while factory activity is (cont) 
Irresponsible! In the last 6 months has held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his Job Council. 
More $ thrown away - gave $20M to Amonix and praised its "success" in '10. It just filed for bankruptcy 
Great article--a must read by Peter Ferrara at about "The Biggest Government Spender in World History"
http://t.co/to6ooroM 
I hope Bill Clinton and NEWSMAX's Chris Ruddy are enjoying their mission to Africa. Two great people. 
In 1999 said that he didn't support Welfare Reform He just gutted the entire program. 
Via doesn't release his original book proposal which says he was born in Kenya?http://t.co/pDDHJcjH 
Great new campaign ad just released by 
Since is on such a "transparency" kick--how about releasing Fast &amp; Furious info to Brian Terry's family?
http://t.co/dAFnZBvA 
My interview where I discuss Job Council, investigation &amp; 2012 election 
Corrupt--@BarackObama's largest bundlers are fundraisers linked to the Obama Solyndra boondoggle 
http://t.co/9tPQ5mbp Chicago cronyism 
"Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser." --How To Get Rich 
Columbia University stated there was a "computer error" in their system concerning attendance. (cont) 
Taking a photo with my family on the opening day of Trump International Golf Links Scotland- 
"Cowards die many times before their actual deaths." --Caesar 
The new motto - "You Own Nothing, Not Even Your Own Success" ... 
So is celebrating his 'birthday' with a fundraiser in his home he bought with the help of Rezko 
John Sununu was more right than he even knew yesterday -- indeed needs to "learn how to be an American." 
What recovery? JP Morgan has readjusted Q2 growth down from 1.7% to 1.4% and Q3 to 1.5% with 2012 on a whole at 1.7% 
What's more important for the American public to have? tax returns or sealed records? 
Happy 94th birthday to Nelson Mandela! 
As I always said, the "Birthers" were after the truth. Thanks to can't hide anymore. 
So campaign is calling a potential criminal How about Obama's Tony Rezko land deal! 
Why does HI Revised Statute 338-17.8 allow an HI resident who doesn't have to be US citizen to procure an official Hawaii birth certificate? 
Congratulations to on his successful Cold Case Posse investigation which claims 'birth certificate' is fake 
Cindy Adams has a great report on the Dark Knight Rises premiere 
On the red carpet at the NYC premiere of Dark Knight Rises with via 
The class warfare being played by is the only way he can get reelected. He can't have America focus on his horrendous record. 
Dark Knight Rises is projected to gross over $180 million this weekend. Remember to watch for Trump Tower! 
Weird--why did BarackObama Sr. fail to list as his son in his 1961 INS application? 
#BARACKTAX QUOTE: "If you have health insurance, you're not getting hit with a tax." 
Watch admit Obamacare is a TAX The GOP must continue to Disrupt, Dismantle &amp; Repeal! 
According to a poll, over 60% think ObamaCare will make things worse for taxpayers ObamaCare is a T-A-X. 
Congratulations to John Roberts for making Americans hate the Supreme Court because of his BS 
For the sake of transparency, should release all his college applications and transcripts--both from Occidental and Columbia. 
Why would be spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide? 
When will we see passport records (sealed)? 
.@MittRomney needs to make regret that he ever asked for his tax records. 
My interview in with discussing being awarded the 2012 "Statesman of the Year" by Sarasota GOP 
My interview discussing why the Fed shouldn't do a QE3, college records &amp; 2012 election 
My review of #TheDarkKnightRises and more in today's #trumpvlog- 
Remember how did not have any tort reform? Now the trial lawyers are getting ready for even more lawsuits 
I hope now starts asking for any &amp; all of sealed records--it's time. 
.@BarackObama's college application would be very very very very interesting! 
If had such a wonderful academic record why wouldn't he want to show it? 
I wonder what the answer is on college application to the question: place of birth? Maybe the (cont) 
Outrageous--@BarackObama is trying to unilaterally gut welfare reform He doesn't believe in a strong work ethic. 
"The Supreme Art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting." -- Sun Tzu 
So much for Hope and Change. has already spent over $100M on attack ads across the swing states 
He has no respect for American exceptionalism. has outsourced our space program to the Russians 
Congratulations to on winning access to federal database He is making FL a safe &amp; legal election for 2012 
I hope is recuperating well in LA. Get better! 
What controversy? 2 'active' supporters at Bain have confirmed that left in '99 No story here. 
Bain did not list as an Executive on its website in 2000 Saul Alinsky tactics won't work! 
My interview discussing how should release his college applications &amp; records 
A drug free A-Rod is just an average baseball player.@Yankees will soon move him down in the batting order &amp; should renegotiate his contract 
Wife Huma wants to "pull a by giving a tell-all interview." Unlike Clinton, Anthony is a sick puppy. 
My friend lost his wonderful son Sage this weekend. We all send Sly our love and warmest wishes. (cont) 
For America to be great again we must have a President who has been successful and Americans can learn from on how to succeed. 
In his entire political career, has never had a tough opponent before He is a paper tiger. #GOMITT 
The Football program at Penn State should be suspended. 
Penn State is doing a poor job in bringing its mess to a close.They should be ashamed for hiding Sandusky's crimes all these years... 
A true honor. considers asking for college transcripts a "Donald Trump question." Release it! 
.@BarackObama should release all his records (like other Presidents).... 
Don't believe the lies--every budget has delivered to Congress raises the income tax on EVERYONE 
Think of it---20% of our country is essentially unemployed. 
.@BarackObama wants to see 10 yrs of tax returns--tell him "ok--but we want to see your college applications first.' 
Nasty tactics being used by campaign against Must stop saying Obama is a nice man--he is not! 
America's Olympic uniforms are manufactured in China. Burn the uniforms!#U.S.OlympicCommittee 
I wonder why is not going to the NAACP Convention. Is it because he can't answer questions about 14.7% Black unemployment? 
Seth Meyers was terrible co-hosting with Kelly. Marbles in his mouth-&amp; he must stop picking at his hands--insult to the great Regis Philbin! 
"Free enterprise is still the greatest force for upward mobility, economic security, and the expansion of the middle class." - 
Back in NY from Scotland and fighting for our country to get better. Trump International Golf Links Scotland opened to rave reviews. 
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us."

--Ralph Waldo Emerson 
"If you don't have passion, everything you do will ultimately fizzle out or, at best, be mediocre. Is that how (cont) 
Have we ever had a POTUS before who earned over 1/3 of his income from foreign sources and paid taxes to another country? 
.@BarackObama reported over $269,710 of foreign income out of his gross $894,520 and paid $5,841 in foreign taxes 
http://t.co/oUe7JRnf 
Even the Left realizes that policies have led to more jobs being outsourced out of this country. 
Almost daily more discrepancies in biography continue to arise. Who is this guy? 
Very strange--why do database records contradict and show he was only at Columbia 1 year? 
"There's no bigger name in America than Donald Trump, political or nonpolitical." --Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters 
Today addressed the NAACP. takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high Black unemployment. 
Nice interview in the Atlantic of Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters on my 2012 'Statesman of the Year' award 
Great to see Tony La Russa manage one last game last night. Congratulations to the National League on winning the All-Star Game. 
Via "Trump tees off on new golf course in Scotland" 
Chris Ruddy is always on point: "Trump Opens 'Greatest Golf Course In the World'" via 
How can invoke Richard Nixon against when Obama just used Executive Privilege on Fast &amp; Furious?! 
What a coincidence?! campaign logo uses the same font as Cuban communist propaganda posters. 
"However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results." 
-- Winston Churchill 
Congrats to has now had over 40 months straight of over 8% unemployment while accruing over $6T (cont) 
Everyone is talking about how Trump Tower is the exterior for Wayne Enterprises in Dark Knight Rises---it's true. 
The liberal media is focusing on bank records. How about reviewing illegal land deal contracts with Tony Rezko? 
The U-6 Unemployment Rate is over 14.9%. ObamaCare is stopping businesses from both hiring and expanding. 
Why is constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority? This is the latest
 
.@MittRomney should not give any other further information until releases the things that everyone wants to see---- 
President Obama wants to hand over even more past tax returns- he should when reveals his college applications. 
I'm in Scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world--- it's amazing. 
I am truly honored to have been chosen Statesman of the Year by the Republican Party of Sarasota County. The (cont) 
My family and I just arrived in Scotland for the grand opening of Trump International Golf Links, Scotland- 
Gotta hand it to she loved Doral from the time we looked at it. The Trump-Doral will be an Icon. #sayfie #newsmax 
When true golfers see what I do at Doral it will be the hottest club in the country. #sayfie #newsmax 
A Great 4th of July! America a great country who's brightest days, with wise leadership, lie ahead. 
Hope and Change? Job numbers down. Time for 
Keep an eye on Anthony Weiner. Weasels are hard to get rid of. 
As I anticipated, Justice Roberts made the cover of Time Magazine etc. The liberal media now loves him-- he should be ashamed. 
Job numbers today--- terrible! So what else is new? 
John Roberts arrived in Malta yesterday. Maybe we will get lucky and he will stay there. 
When will Pakistan apologize to us for providing safe sanctuary to Osama Bin Laden for 6 years?! Some "ally." 
Today is in Ohio on a bus tour. Tomorrow Pennsylvania. How about actually running the country? 
May jobless numbers have been readjusted to 8.2%. economy is a disaster New numbers tomorrow. 
I don't care what people say, I like Tom Cruise. He works his ass off and never ever quits. He's one of the few true movie stars. 
"We must never bend too much." -- Yitzhak Shamir (1915-2012) 
Welcome to America - 8.74 million workers on 'Federal Disability" Where are the jobs?! 
Via ObamaCare "is a tax" gave the largest tax increase in history on the middle class. Shameful! 
Hypocrite! in '06 called private equity "the best opportunity for long-term economic vitality" 
Just as I predicted, is preparing a possible attack on Iran right before November. 
Wow--such sacrfices for his re-election. will not vacation in Martha's Vineyard this summer.http://b.globe.com/Lj5bqW 
Degenerate former Congressman Anthony Weiner is trying to make a comeback. He is a sick &amp; perverted man that New York does not want or need. 
Con Ed has won its suit against the Ground Zero Mosque developers The mosque is never going up. 
Tomorrow we celebrate Independence Day, America's 236th birthday. Here is America's actual birth certificate 
I believe made a deal with the Saudis to increase oil production until after the election. Then (cont) 
Great poll numbers for just out--he is leading substantially in swing states. 
The 'brunt' of ObamaCare will be shouldered by folks making under $120K 
Is it legal for to make campaign donor calls from Air Force One? Obama is always fundraising on our dime. 
Why is continuing to lie? has found that did not ship jobs overseas 
Happy to have just passed 1.3M Twitter followers. Love communicating with everyone daily. 
David Wright of the NY Mets should have been on the 1st Team All Stars. He's having a great year. 
Don't believe whining--Pro-Romney SuperPAC spending is on par with Pro-Obama SuperPAC 
Dangerous--The USC ObamaCare ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity. 
China court: Apple pays $60M to settle iPad case. China is getting away with murder. 
WRONG: A China court ordered to pay $60M to a Chinese company that registered iPad before 
My interview discussing ObamaCare, the Romney-Trump fundraiser &amp; my plans for Jones Beach 
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on 7:30 AM. Tune in! 
"A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." --General Douglas MacArthur 
Interesting -- studies show that wind farms have a warming effect on the climate 
Friends of mine who are driving Cadillacs--it is becoming a very hot car--are raving about what a great job has done. 
ObamaCare has 21 tax hikes
 There's now only one solution--defeat this November! #GOMITT 
Great news--here comes the Tea Party! has received 42k donations online &amp; raised over $4.2 million since the ObamaCare decision. 
Justice Kennedy should be proud of himself for sticking to his principles, in light of Justice Roberts' bullshit! 
Interesting that Roberts said it was a tax in order to come out with his good public relations decision when (cont) 
Had a great time with last night. He is focused and ready for the battle ahead. Lots of money was raised. 
It seems that Justice Scalia originally wrote the majority on ObamaCare and Roberts then switched his position. 
Justice Roberts did the Republican Party and a great favor. He essentially said ObamaCare is a tax, (cont) 
Justice Roberts turned on his principles with absolutely irrational reasoning in order to get loving press from (cont) 
Wind Farms are not only disgusting to look at but also cause tremendous damage to their local ecosystems. 
Obamacare will bankrupt our country and lead to socialized medicine. We must all focus now on electing this November. 
A list from "Top 10 Most Expensive Obamacare Taxes and Fees" 
#FullRepeal: Stopping Obamacare is now up to the American people. We must elect this November. 
Remember this---@BarackObama told in 09 that it is "not true" that the individual mandate is a tax 
The USC made a terrible decision today. How can a requirement to buy private health insurance logically be a Government tax?! 
Wow, the Supreme Court passed I guess wanted to be a part of Georgetown society more than anyone knew. 
Preliminary talks have begun for next season's #CelebrityApprentice. As usual, we will have another great season. 
"The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes." --Benjamin Disraeli 
It is terrible that did not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks. No accountability. 
The Fed's actions these past 3 years could bring record high inflation in the near future. That would be (cont) 
Who's the outsourcer? campaign is using a travel company with outsourced jobs in China and India. 
A "Lion's List" of Democrats are not attending DNC Convention. The Democratic Party is in turmoil. 
Unemployment has been over 8% for a record 40 straight months. election will end the downturn. 
"Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards." --Vernon Sanders Law 
Scary--now China's Development Bank is looking to buy U.S. homes and developments They will own our country soon. 
Welcome to the new Egypt Muslim Brotherhood representatives who won't take questions from Israeli journalists 
Shock - DNC Convention has a $27M deficit and events are starting to be canceled. 
"Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that." -- Norman Vincent Peale 
Outrageous- has spent over $2.7B on implementing since the oral arguments at SCOTUS 
I am glad America is starting to get to know the way I know him. A wonderful &amp; decent family man (cont) 
Another broken promise by actually increases income inequality It must be fully repealed! 
What a statesman! made sure to quickly call the Muslim Brotherhood victor to congratulate him on (cont) 
The Islamists have won. Just as I predicted, the Muslim Brotherhood has taken over Egypt. never should have abandoned Mubarek. 
My interview re: Muslim Brotherhood taking over Egypt, our vast natural gas resources &amp; US tax system 
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on 7:30 AM 
An insightful article on 
Wind Power is proving to be very costly and unsightly. 
Sometimes there is justice. A Chinese military newspaper was hacked. 
Many Democrats up for reelection in 2012 are skipping the DNC convention in Charlotte Smart politics! 
Watch the WH spokesman try to spin rationale for using exec. priv. on Fast &amp; Furious 
The $9B that spent in 'Stimulus' for Solar, Wind Projects created 910 total jobs, costing $9.8M each. 
Moody's is out to make publicity. The bank downgrades from yesterday don't make up for giving AAA (cont) 
U.S. tuitions are completely out of control. In the last 4 years, the average price has gone up by 15%. Unsustainable! 
Congrats to on winning championship. is a tremendous owner &amp; has done wonders for (cont) 
Good messaging and staying on point. called "anti-investment, anti-business, anti-jobs"
http://t.co/N7bVK7IY 
"Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." - Thomas Edison 
Sad--just 16% of American parents think their children will be better off than them We can do much better! 
The campaign took in 
$39M in May but spent $44.6M. Sound familiar! 
The new trailer is fantastic Trump Tower stood in for Wayne Enterprises during filming. 
Rape is a huge problem in the U.S. military. Over 19,000 rapes last year. 
I look forward to playing golf with President someday. 
The USC should be ruling any day now on Hopefully we will get the right result. 
SHOCK - people are sending paid political organizers to heckle at events
 
CORRUPT--with the national security leaks and Fast &amp; Furious, there are clearly at least two cover ups in White House. 
Yesterday there was yet another massive intelligence leak by the administration. 
The Amateur! First was caught bowing to the Saudi King but now the President of Mexico! 
Now is the time to buy housing, before values have fully recovered. In 5 years, remember I told you so. 
.@MacMiller's "Donald Trump" just hit 60 million hits. Maybe I should go into a new business. 
Congratulations to on his new late night show! He will do really well. (It pays to win #CelebrityApprentice) 
Putin has no respect for our President --- really bad body language. 
Now the Chinese are planning a war game w/ the Iranians,Syrians &amp; Russians along Syrian coast. Laughing at 
Congrats to Roger Clemens, he showed great courage. This case never should have been brought to trial. Andy Pettitte did the right thing. 
Now even old professors are coming out in opposition to his re-election. He has embarrassed them. 
My interview re: Europe's financial mess, investing in Spain, Germany's economy and the future of the Euro 
On Friday said that China has better cities and airports than the US. Well what has done about it the last 3 years?! 
I don't mind that plays a lot of golf. I just wish he used it productively to make deals with Congress! 
"Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others." -Jack Welch 
I'll be on on Monday at 7:30 AM. Always interesting. Tune in! 
Win a dinner with and me in New York this June 28th. It's selling like hotcakes! 
"Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." -- John Wooden 
The U.S. needs to protect our intelligence assets, especially in China. If the Chinese want to spy on us, then we need to return the favor. 
Today's announcement by on immigration was done for reelection. He is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool. 
Now is the time for the to be united with the mission of electing this November. Stop with the public divisions. 
I wonder when we will be able to see college and law school applications and transcripts. Why the long wait? 
"Leadership: the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it." --Dwight D. Eisenhower 
Great players in sports make the game fun to watch. has continued to impress with another amazing season. Absolute professional. 
"I don't believe in government picking winners; or in the case of (@BarackObama), picking losers" --@MittRomney 
Failure--for all of talk of "engaging the world," U.S. favorability has dropped around the world 
Watch this video to see how bad wind turbines are for the environment- 
Shocking--over 92% of France--who just elected a socialist for its new PM--want re-elected 
Today both and are giving speeches on their economic policies in Ohio. The choice is (cont) 
Today is my birthday. My wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again. 
"The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." --Vince Lombardi 
The one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyer's market. This is the time to buy! 
SCARY-$6T in debt and $1T annual budget deficits later, is asking for more time to fix the economy 
China's currency manipulation is one of our nation's greatest sovereign threats. The yuan has appreciated 40% against our dollar since 2005. 
The healthcare plan post ObamaCare relies on consumer choices with more options The perfect remedy! 
Thanks to rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline, China has become Canada's biggest oil consumer. China is laughing at us! 
Once again, tweets nonsense about She needs to stop tweeting &amp; start worrying about some of her many problems. 
Good news--@MittRomney is now leading in North Carolina according to The NC GOP is united after their (cont) 
My interview discussing comments, a united 2012 GOP, #CelebApprentice &amp; Trump#Miss Universe 
Biden Spends $1 Million Annually for Weekend Trips 
The Euro, put in place to hurt the U.S., is done! -- will have less negative impact than most think. 
Good--@FLGovScott is suing the Federal Government so he can protect the voter rolls Florida must be a legal election. 
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." --Winston Churchill 
Sad.@BarackObama has already exempted major oil importers on Iranian sanctions and is negotiating a waiver with China.http://nyti.ms/KAOnVq 
Scary--Americans private wealth fell 40% from 2007-2010 But thinks the private economy is "doing fine." 
.@MittRomney is 100% right. The US Supreme Court should do "the right thing" &amp; overturn ObamaCare or the country (cont) 
Welcome to the new reality. Goldman Sachs just based their new Asia Pacific chairman not in Tokyo, but Beijing. 
Don't believe the media stories. OPEC and the Saudis have not been doing us any favors recently with oil outputs. Oil should be $30/barrel. 
The - "@EricTrump: Eyes are on Northeast Pa. with gas development" 
As one of Miamii's largest landowners, I am pulling for the in the finals. Lebron's time is now! 
My interview discussing Jamie Dimon, the Doral Miami purchase, OPEC's output &amp; Open 
My interview discussing comments, attacks on and &amp; low ratings 
Sadly, it took a hit &amp; run auto accident to make us aware of who our Secretary of Commerce is--and such an important position! 
"The entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job." --Michael Gerber 
Don Jr. will present the Keynote Address in South Africa on Dec. 1st 
Trump Tuesday--@SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:38 AM. 
The Justice Department's investigation into the national security leaks is not independent. This is a very grave situation. 
WASTE--HUD is spending $70M to teach grant recipients how to spend the money from their grants Does it get any dumber? 
China has copied our military's F-22 Raptor design We should offset their theft from our debt. 
Last Friday's gaffe by claiming that the private sector "is doing fine" is illustrative.Everything to him revolves around gov't 
"Donald Trump" song is up to almost 60 million hits---- crazy! 
With almost 1.3 million followers and rising really fast, everyone is asking me to critique things(and people). Finally, I will be a critic. 
.@MannyPacquiao was robbed in his title fight on Saturday night. No wonder boxing is dying. Bring back the 15 round fights. 
Miss Florida was great in her denial of Miss Pennsylvania's phoney statements. She blows Miss Pennsylvania away- a different league . 
Thanks to a great woman, for her wonderful defense of the Miss USA pageant. 
Accounting firm Ernst &amp; Young and the celebrity judges are insulted by Miss Pennsylvania's made up PR. 
Miss Pennsylvania is just looking for free publicity at the expense of the real winner of Miss USA Olivia Culpo. 
Beautiful in tomorrow as Audrey Hepburn in front of Tiffany's. 
Too bad I'll Have Another out of Belmont Stakes- interest now way down. 
Typical--@BarackObama's Press Secretary deflects any criticism of Obama's constant celebrity visits by attacking me. My great honor. 
Now is telling how to control his own assets. Obama is consumed by class warfare. 
This is a tragedy. The real unemployment rate is 14.8% with over 23.2 million unemployed Americans. We can do much better. 
"He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious." -- Sun Tzu 
Small businesses will have an ally in the White House with Mitt gave a great interview yesterday 
Take a tour of this amazing penthouse in Trump Park Avenue.... 
Shock--even more solar corruption. chief of staff's firm got biggest DOE loan. 
Greece's financial calamity should serve as a warning. massive deficit spending is unsustainable. 
How foolish did look yesterday trying to rationalize why accepts donations from Bain? 
It's good to see that is protecting the sanctity of this November's elections, Voter fraud must be broken. 
While I own properties across the world I am very excited about my new acquisition of in Miami. (cont) 
.@MittRomney and I are working out a great dinner for someone- I hope it's you! 
Why is spending millions to try and hide his records? He is the least transparent President--ever--and he ran on transparency. 
The results are in. I killed Wolf Blitzer in our debate. I like Wolf but he went for an ambush! #wolfblitzercnn 
China's new AND ADVANCED currency manipulation is killing the U.S. Help! 
The Miss USA Pageant #MissUSA was a big ratings hit for won the evening. Thank you, Donald. 
.@BillClinton was very nice to me, as I am to him, on the Piers Morgan Show (CNN). He is loyal to his friends. 
Is Roger Simon ever right about anything? Now he's attacking in defense of (cont) 
.@melaniatrump on tonight at 7PM EST. Tune in! 
Obama was very disloyal to Wisconsin Democrats. never showed up to help them even though he (cont) 
Congratulations to of Wisconsin--a great victory. A smart and tough guy. Great going. 
It was who promised "if you like your plan, you can keep your plan." Now ObamaCare is causing (cont) 
China's best friend wants to cut the US fleet down to 230 ships, the lowest level since WWI.http://bit.ly/Mvg74D 
"A market is never saturated with a good product, but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one." -- Henry Ford 
While spends recklessly on domestic projects, he is hollowing out our military with over $487B in cuts 
What a foolish statement by - he said that a VP pick would 'insult' Hispanics 
We have all been following the Wisconsin recall election. victory tonight will be well-earned. A Governor who gets results. 
Trump Vineyard Estates is a breathtaking location to hold special events for all occasions. Watch the video for a look- 
Just cancelled my subscription to Boring newspaper with no mojo--must be losing a fortune. Founder (cont) 
My interview. 
Now that China's own economy is slowing watch how they start doing even bigger numbers in (cont) 
In some ways it is sad. We all wanted to succeed. It's not worked out that way. 
The real war on women. Under 766,000 more women are unemployed from when he took office 
Welcome to the new reality-- be careful. Retirement ages will be pushed to 80 due to the incompetence of our leaders. 
I had a wonderful meeting with Likud Deputy Speaker of The Knesset this past Friday in Trump Tower #Israel 
My interview discussing #MissUSA Olivia Culpo, the job numbers &amp; the waste of the Obama stimulus 
Congratulations to Miss Rhode Island on winning the Miss USA contest. She did an amazing job. 
"Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." --Paul Tournier 
TRUMP TUESDAY tomorrow at 7:30 am Tune in! 
I had fun appearing in the video for Carly Rae Jepsen's #CallMeMaybe for #MissUSA 2012- 
Watch #MissUSA 2012 live tonight on at 9PM EST! 
I am in Las Vegas for the 2012 pageant. Watch live tonight on at 9PM ET. 
The 2012 contestants standing outside of Trump Tower in New York City- 2012 tomorrow at 9PM ET NBC. 
The stock market is having a horrendous day- bad employment numbers. 
Almost all reporters falsely report that I had a "bad time" at last year's White House Correspondents' Dinner. (cont) 
"Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." --Paul Tournier 
Now the campaign is fundraising off of me. I should get a tax rebate! 
Waste! The CBO now estimates that stimulus cost $831B and a ridicuous $4.1M per job created 
What a foolish move by to speak in Boston yesterday! Completely outmaneuvered by the campaign. 
Now is telling donors he will need to 'revisit' healthcare in his 2nd term 
Pres. Bill Clinton, 5.31.12: "@MittRomney had a sterling business career." 
Tune in Sunday June 3 to NBC at 9pm ET for the 2012 Miss USA competition, coming from Planet Hollywood Resort &amp; Casino in Las Vegas 
Over $1T in annual deficit spending and adding over $6T to the debt for what? May jobless numbers are horrendous. The great Obama recovery. 
interview on discussing her beautiful jewelry line,my son Barron and the 2012 campaign 
The 2012 contestants pose for a picture with me at Trump Tower in New York City- 
Bay Bridge in California made in China for $1.8 billion. $300 million in cost overruns. Are we stupid? 
See you tonight in North Carolina. Making keynote for the Republican party- will be fun. 
Thank you to the for a very nice story- 
Unemployment has risen today and some other very bad news has just been reported- the stock market is way down. 
I'll be on on Monday at 7:30 AM...be sure to tune in. 
"The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but (cont) 
US job cuts jumped 53% in May from April
http://t.co/mdCXy9VJ This is the Obama recovery? 
Pathetic! Since is going to win the recall, is trying to disown the endorsement of Tom Barrett 
Q1 GDP has just been revised down to 1.9% The economy is in deep trouble. 
Does anyone believe that did not fully write or review the 1991 publisher booklet? 
When will realize he is on a fool's errand trying to defend ineptitude? 
Dine with The Donald and Mitt 
Looking forward to meeting everyone at the North Carolina GOP this Friday where I will be the keynote speaker at the dinner. #GOP 
China and Saudi Arabia recently struck a deal which is "the largest expansion by any oil company in the world" (cont) 
"The golden rule for every businessman is this: 'Put yourself in your customer's place.'"
--Orison Swett Marden 
Commodity prices are beginning 
to drop as a result of the Euro crisis 
http://t.co/16WTPCHy 
So claims that birth certificate evokes 'controversy' Where (cont) 
It was an honor to be with the night he clinched the nomination. He will defeat and be a tremendous POTUS. 
How ironic that campaign would call me a charlatan. Have they looked at their boss's record? 
The fundraiser last night was a tremendous success. 
George Will was critical of throughout the primary. Maybe it is because his wife was turned down for (cont) 
George Will was pushing for for the GOP nomination in December...said he was going to win. (cont) 
The campaign keeps highlighting a web video of John McCain being nice &amp; respectful. I'll bet John (cont) 
My interview discussing my fundraiser in Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas and the state of the (cont) 
My interview with where I discuss 'birth certificate' and why has low ratings 
Scary--America would have had to pay all its GDP to the government to cover real 2011 budget deficit 
Now Chinese agents are smuggling our military weapons through rogue US soldiers China loves to cheat! 
Everybody is raving about the Trump Home Mattress by If you are looking for a mattress, go buy (cont) 
In his own words, "was born in Kenya, and raised in Indonesia and Hawaii." This statement was made, (cont) 
Rush is right. and I have both created more jobs than fact, far more jobs! 
What could be better than dinner with and me? 
I want to see college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application. 
It's amazing how celebrities such as can say horrible untrue things about Republican politicians and it's (cont) 
Reverend Wright was dumped like a dog by can't be feeling too good. 
Perhaps biggest shortcoming as President is he failed to unite the country. 
Pres expects to play nice like not going to happen &amp; the result is going to be much different. 
"For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve." Aristotle 
The greatest commodity to own is land. It is finite. God is not making any more of it. 
So will attack career at Bain Capital but won't return donations from Bain executives 
Unsustainable- has increased total federal budget outlays by over 24% during his term He loves debt. 
Now has decided there are 5 million Palestinian refugees He always goes against interest. 
In '08, said that Bush adding $4T to the debt was unpatriotic.http://bit.ly/pEd2Ww has already added $6T. 
I am very excited about hosting today for a fundraiser. Looking forward to seeing and many other friends. 
Losers such as George Will and use me to get publicity for themselves. They are strictly third rate. 
.@BarackObama is practically begging to disavow the place of birth movement, he is afraid of it and (cont) 
George Will may be the dumbest(and most overrated) political commentator of all time. If the Republicans listen to him, they will lose. 
"Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference." -- Winston Churchill 
HYPOCRITE! Long before called the Tea Party 'teabaggers' he dressed as a revolutionary in a Hyde Park rallyhttp://bit.ly/LqIha7 
Dine With The Donald and Mitt:
http://t.co/sfGfJPJi 
Pictures of and me from the Men In Black III premiere in New York City We loved the movie! 
Why are armed drones being released over our homeland by the Government?http://t.co/MeMEVEST Seems excessive. 
Egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was. They will soon be very strongly against Israel. Thanks, President Obama. 
My interview discussing OPEC, US gas resources, and running a campaign against 
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." Ralph Waldo Emerson 
Josh Brolin, a friend of mine, was terrific in "Men in Black." Congrats! 
Cadillac has made amazing strides in the beauty and quality of their cars. Great management team--congratulations! 
Lolo Jones, our beautiful Olympic athlete, wants to remain a virgin until she gets married--she is great. 
What a series the is turning out to be! Tonight's game should be another close one. 
ObamaCare's tax credit is underperforming by over 95% creating an even bigger cost to the debt It must be repealed! 
Interesting.@BarackObama's 1981 transfer class to Columbia "declined" in "quality" according to the Columbia Spectator 
Welcome to Twitter, 
Capitalism doesn't guarantee success, only a chance to succeed. The community organizer doesn't (cont) 
The storied success of Bain in private entrepreneurship and equity is one reason will be a great POTUS. 
Disaster! The tax hikes set for 2013 are going "to throw us back into a recession" according to the CBO 
"Obstacles are those frightening things that become visible when we take our eyes off our goals." -- Henry Ford 
A bite from last night's interview discussing Rev. Wright's Ed Klein interview and the 2012 campaign 
A segment from last night's interview discussing and fighting fire with fire in a campaign 
The administration is pressuring contractors to fix job loss estimates from environmental regulations 
I'll be on Piers Morgan Tonight this evening, 9 pm on CNN. Be sure to tune in. 
I wonder if ever applied to Occidental, Columbia or Harvard as a foreign student. When can we see (cont) 
The Republicans should use everything against as is going to use everything (cont) 
China is now given preference to buy US debt by going directly to Treasury. I don't believe knows that he selling us out. 
Glad to see that Sacha Baron Cohen's new movie is not only a dud but not too good at the box office. He is talentless. 
Hmmm...can you imagine me speaking at the RNC Convention in Tampa?http://t.co/SDZUsknQ That's a speech everyone would watch. 
I am a registered Republican. 
http://t.co/UuoXEU8V With as the nominee, we can defeat 
My interview discussing why I don't own Facebook stock and running a tough campaign against 
Who would you like to see on next season of #CelebrityApprentice? Let us know- everyone wants to be on it. 
In today's #trumpvlog I talk about how well Will Smith handled the situation with the reporter- 
I loved Walter Cronkite, one of the all time greats. He couldn't stand Dan Rather--I agree with Walter. 
President Obama's literary agent (in 1991) promoted a book about "the first African-American president of the (cont) 
Rapper song, "Donald Trump", now has 57 million hits--- I created another star--- where's my cut? 
Rev. Wright called on tape, a liar. Why isn't this being looked into? It would be a great commercial for the republicans. 
Mr. Pesident, you cannot attack free enterprise and expect to have a healthy economy! 
Will Smith did a great job by smacking the guy "reporter" who kissed him on the lips at a red carpet event. (cont) 
America has lost its AAA rating and gained over $6T in debt under and now he wants to raise the debt ceiling--SCARY! 
Congratulations to of the #Mets. What a great season he is having--batting over 400 and clutch hitting. Also, a fantastic guy. 
The must re-negotiate contract. He is not the same player without drugs. 
#CelebrityApprentice Who will win? Find out tonight- live Season Finale at 9PM ET on NBC. 
Time Warner Cable went out on 5th Avenue for 2 plus days. They are a disaster. I think I'm going to switch. 
Sure--@BarackObama's literary agent claims the 1991 booklet was a 'mistake' Pretty convenient. 
Let's take a closer look at that birth certificate. was described in 2003 as being "born in Kenya." 
Reckless! Why is wasting over $70 Billion on 'climate change activities?' Will he ever learn? 
http://t.co/sYk3t3Eb 
Seems hard to believe that could be worth that much--be careful if you invest. And Mark Zuckerberg--get a pre-nup. 
Donna Summer performed for me many times--she was great and will be missed. 
Mitt Romney matches sitting President in fundraising for April--not an easy thing to do. Bad news for (cont) 
Under Mayor and Police Commissioner Kelly all violent crime in NYC is down dramatically. That's leadership. 
"The best vision is insight." --Malcolm Forbes 
WaPo attack on alleged high school incidents by is a hit job to me. Where are high school and college records? 
Mark Zuckerberg is clearly a brilliant guy. My advice? Get a pre-nup! 
Here's what I told on when it comes to singer inappropriate attacks on 
"Diligence is the mother of good luck."
--Benjamin Franklin 
SHOCK! While attacking private equity experience, raises $2M from private equity bankers 
Wrong! Under watch, is not being invited to NATO summit in Chicago this month 
Glad to see that Jamie Dimon passed yesterday's shareholder vote. The JP Morgan stock holders understand that a good CEO is worth keeping. 
The final two- and visited yesterday- 
Under the Iranian nuclear program has rapidly grown. 
We should not bail out any of the European countries or banks. 
Why the nation's debt keeps growing - a Dept of Agriculture employee made over $242K with a $63K bonus Ridiculous. 
A great ad from showing "A Few of the 23 Million" unemployed who need economic change Take it to him Mitt! 
Why won't repeal the Defense of Marriage Act if he supports gay marriage? He is gaming the issue. 
According to has a 12 point advantage over on the economy Look for it to grow. 
Congratulations to my friend on being named to the "Hall of Famous Missourians." Rush is a great guy &amp; a great character. 
My interview discussing Jamie Dimon, banking regulations and Mark Zuckerberg's prenuptial 
My interview discussing misleading political ad, response and &amp; 
I hope Mark Zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend- perhaps soon to be wife. Otherwise, she can walk away with 9 billion. 
"Don't find fault. Find a remedy."
 
 --Henry Ford 
Worired that the USC will strike down ObamaCare, is trying to implement his debacle in public schools 
More than $500 million designated for Iraqi Army disappeared. Where is it? Our sad sad country--what have we come to? 
Mitt Romney gave a masterful speech this weekend at Liberty University with a wonderful introduction by Mark DeMoss. Well done. 
Now China is threatening our allies who share defense pacts with us, the latest is the Philippines Very aggressive 
Did try to bribe Rev. Wright with $150K? 
I am sure the media will be all over this. 
Great quote from the late Steve Jobs: "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." 
Facebook billionaire gives up his U.S. citizenship in order to save taxes. I guess 3.8 billion isn't enough for (cont) 
Very resource rich Canada, our neighbor, is looking to China for its growth. Just another sad commentary on the U.S. 
The TIME Magazine cover showing late age breast feeding is disgusting--sad what TIME did to get noticed. 
Howard Stern will do a great job on He's very smart and really gets what talent is. 
should stop with the bad plastic surgery and nasty statements about good people running for office. I (cont) 
ratted out his best friend in a ridiculous trial. Not nice! Who is rooting for Andy P? 
Ugly industrial wind turbines are ruining the beauty of parts of the country--and have inefficient unreliable energy to boot. 
Terrible. Wind farms are provided permits by the US government, which causes the "programmatic" killing of bald eagles. 
Good news. Voters give the edge over on handling the economy according to 
If the press can report stories from dorm years then why can't it find college and law school transcripts? 
Procter and Gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from Cincinnati to Asia--what are we doing?! 
The April jobs report is terrible. If the labor forces didn't shrink under then real unemployment (cont) 
Selective memory - says that he "forgets" the recession Maybe that's why he is forgetting to create jobs. 
Watch Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC--we're winding up for a terrific finale. What a season! 
I'll be on on Monday at 7:30 a.m. Always a great time. 
Who's the flip flopper? has never flip flopped on gay marriage. 
Our trade deficit continues to rise at record rates The US manufacturing sector is being (cont) 
Barclay, a friend of mine &amp; a wonderful guy, didn't mean to be so nasty to He was just (cont) 
Congratulations to on forming his new unity government. A major political success for the Jewish State of Israel. 
Welcome to the new reality. is now letting China buy US banks The US government is selling us out. 
.@Cher attacked She is an average talent who is out of touch with reality. Like O'Donnell, a total loser! 
The polling numbers show a close race. needs all of our support. 
Georgetown should not host for the graduation ceremony. Her policies abuse Catholics. 
Gas prices are still too high. We really need to pressure OPEC to lower the price of oil. 
Joe Biden called America "the Problem" vis a vis Iran He never wastes an opportunity to say something stupid.@JoeBiden 
My interview discussing the economy, unemployment numbers, China, Charles Barkley,France and the election 
My interview discussing the Republic of Georgia, taxes, the fledgling economy and Facebook 
"It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer." Some good words from Albert Einstein. It pays to be tenacious. 
My son Don will be giving the Keynote Address at The Investment Show in Sandton, South Africa on Dec. 1. He's an (cont) 
2011 #CelebrityApprentice winner and interviewed the final four in this week's episode- 
"Entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus... to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality." #MidasTouch 
"I don't consider writing books a small venture...writing books is essentially a sharing experience." 
VOTE 4 &amp; derekhough#01 tonight! She's doing a great job on Dancing with the Stars #DWTS (&amp; a good person). 1-800-868-3401 
V.P.....really! 
What's the primary ingredient for success? Passion. You have to love what you're doing or you won't get too far. 
"You can't build a reputation on what you're doing to do." Great quote by Henry Ford. 
Still a buyer's market. Home prices are dropping, mortgages are low. Now is the time to take advantage for your gain. 
We must keep the pressure on administration to make sure Chen comes to the US. It would be a tragedy to abandon him in China. 
No wonder Afghanistan is a mess! is releasing high level insurgents in exchange for pledges of peace. 
I had a great time doing press interviews with and earlier today- 
Our economy is at a standstill. Some are even predicting a possible double dip. We need to elect in November. 
The election result in France is very disappointing. The Europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover. 
Glad to hear Mariano Rivera is going to make a comeback in 2013. He is a true sportsman and a great competitor. 
The 9/11 trials at Gitmo over the weekend were a disaster. Can you imagine how much worse it would be if tried them in NYC? 
Watch ET tonight to find out what my beautiful wife will be wearing at the Met Gala! 
My interview discussing the 9/11 Trials at Gitmo, the job numbers and 
"Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation." #TheArtofTheDeal 
"Ultimately, Trump Tower became much more than just another good deal. I work in it, I live in it, and I have a (cont) 
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on 7:30 AM, don't miss it! 
#CelebrityApprentice Listening to the advice from and adds another insight into the Final 4. #sweepstweet 
#SweepsTweet might get some use out of the Chi Touch digital hairdryer. Not the same for 
I have a feeling the emphasis by and will be on the charities and the money raised. (cont) 
#sweepstweet and have the eyes and ears for total surveillance- I wonder where they got that from? 
Product placement is a definite prerequisite. #sweepstweet 
Could be a fight over red-heads with could be good. #sweepstweet 
I will be live tweeting during tonight's #CelebrityApprentice 9 PM ET 
This Sunday's will shock you! Big Development...Be sure to tune in on this Sunday at 9PM EST! 
In the 1920's people were worried about global cooling--it never happened. Now it's global warming. Give me a break! 
According to the War on Terror is over global warming is a national (cont) 
With today's struggling job numbers, it is clear that there is one choice this November. can turn the economy around. 
Welcome to the recovery--the labor force participation rate is at a NEW 30 year low of 64.3% 
The new unemployment numbers are terrible. 522,000 more people are out of the labor force to 88,419,000. 
Mariano Rivera, Yankee pitcher, is the greatest ever. Get well fast. 
Derek Jeter is playing phenomenal baseball. He is a total winner--and also a great guy. 
I'll be on on Monday at 7:30 AM... 
Photo from yesterday's USGA announcement that Trump National Golf Club Bedminster will host the 2017 U.S. Women's Open- 
Fracking will lead to American energy independence. With price of natural gas continuing to drop, we can be at a tremendous advantage. 
Congratulations to the on taking a 2-1 lead over the Great game last night! 
We will never cut spending until we actually work off of a budget. The Democrats haven't passed one in over 3 years. What a joke. 
Now is praising China's "cooperation" in negotiations over Chen Guangcheng This is a sad episode for us. 
The rolling average of jobless claims is the highest in 5 months 
ObamaCare continues to slow growth and cost jobs. 
"The economy will come back, but it will not be the same economy. The old economy of the Industrial Age is (cont) 
WRONG!@BarackObama capitulated to China by releasing Chen Guangcheng out of the US Embassy China really has our number 
Snowboarder/Skateboarder stopped by to visit this week....
http://t.co/1dxKg2kc 
When will release his college and law school transcripts?
http://t.co/Mzg1l6qo 
My friend Ronald Kessler explains in that Secret Service problems are much bigger than prostitutes 
Orders for U.S. factory goods in March record biggest decline in 3 years China is eroding the US manufacturing sector. 
The new Dark Knight Rises Trailer is great The movie filmed scenes in Trump Tower last October. 
Editorial by in the "DailyCaller: "Defending Innovation in America" 
My interview with discussing #WHCD and my endorsement of 
"China's leadership is sneaky and underhanded, they significantly underreport their actual defense budget and (cont) 
"Here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military (cont) 
America's debt crisis is our country's greatest challenge. Spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future. 
Bad move-@BarackObama released $147M in aid to the Palestinians That money is going to Hamas. 
The EPA official who wants to crucify gas companies resigned Good- but his attitude is endemic in the EPA 
is a superb businessman and a world class CEO.He has built a tremendous empire and is certainly "fit" to run his corporation. 
My interview discussing #WHCD, my Scotland property &amp; using Bin Laden's death 
My interview discussing #WHCD, lowering tax rates, Republic of Georgia &amp; (cont) 
"The innocent bystanders of American poverty are kids. Yet two-thirds of childhood poverty in America is (cont) 
"Our Founding fathers got it. They understood that nothing good in life--religious freedom, economic freedom, (cont) 
Guess which POTUS has held more fundraisers than the previous 5 combined? is (cont) 
The Federal Government is teaching citizens 'Financial Literacy' while it is running $16T in debt Only in America! 
Chinese spies stole our F-35 Joint Strike Fighter design We should offset the cost from our Chinese debt 
Barack Obama's delivery on Saturday night was excellent--cute mention of Trump--and I am flattered to be mentioned. 
Good Morning America is thrilled is working for the means almost guaranteed success for 
He is bad, but is worse--not only is he a "rat" but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself. 
Rosie O'Donnell should leave Lindsay Lohan alone--@Rosie has bigger problems than Lindsay. Lindsay's mother called my office for help 
My interview where I discuss fixing the economy, killing Bin Laden, the John Edwards trial and fair trade.http://bit.ly/JpSxkA 
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on 7:30 AM EST. Always interesting. 
Wind turbines threaten the migration of birds Where's the outcry? 
Claims for unemployment are at a 3 month high Where's the recovery? 
The Obama's Spain vacation cost taxpayers over $476K They love to spend money. 
"In this book, our second together, we share what gives us the Midas Touch, the ability to turn things we touch (cont) 
Be sure to tune in to another amazing episode of #CelebApprentice this Sunday on at 9PM EST! This Sunday's (cont) 
The EPA is caught saying that their "philosophy is to crucify oil companies" That will sure lower the price of gas. 
Admiral McRaven had full operational control of the Bin Laden mission gave vague directions. 
"I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring' or 'insourcing?' We need (cont) 
I have never been a fan of John Edwards but it is time for the gov't to focus on more important things. 
I wonder why is now spending $8B to postpone Obamacare's Medicare Cuts until after the election? 
Standing on what will be the greatest golf course in the world. Opens July 10th. 
The economy is expected to slow down once again at the end of the year The price of gas has to be lowered. 
Still a buyer's market. Residential home sales fall 7.1% in March. Now is the time to buy property. 
He believes that the War on Terror is over Who does he think won? 
Congratulations to on Tuesday night's sweep. He also delivered a 'Killer Speech' 
"Right now, we are running a massive $300 billion trade deficit with China. That means every year. 
China is (cont) 
"The fact is, right now and for the foreseeable future, the planet runs on oil--and that means we need to get (cont) 
Demand by China continues to raise the price of oil We must become energy independent through our vast resources. 
Majority of Independents want Obamacare overturned The best way to do it is by voting out 
Congratulations to the on bringing the series home last night. 
Made in America? argues that his long form birth certificate is irrelevant in court.http://bit.ly/HNTQaT 
The Government spends 30% more than it admits is out of control with his deficit spending. 
"You can take the smartest kid at Wharton, the one who gets straight A's and has a 170 IQ, and if he doesn't (cont) 
I am enjoying my travels across Europe but home is where the heart is. Looking forward to coming back to the family in New York very soon. 
"I'm loyal to people who've done good work for me." #TheArtofTheDeal 
American professors were in Tehran for an Occupy Wall Street Conference diplomatic initiative?!?! 
just trashed the GOP and stood up for China on Sunday I am surprised he didn't say it in Mandarin. 
69 Democrats voted in favor of the Keystone pipeline in the House this week A major defeat for 
Lucky to have been chosen for the purchase of the magnificent The Point Lake and Golf Club on Lake Norman in (cont) 
Not only are wind farms disgusting looking, but even worse they are bad for people's health (cont) 
"More than anything else, I think deal-making is an ability you're born with. It's in the genes." #TheArtofTheDeal 
Via "Trump begins renewables mission in Scotland" 
Via "Trump flies into ex-Soviet Georgia for tower project project" 
Just left Istanbul, Turkey, yesterday where #TrumpTowers was just opened--magnificent! 
Today I'm in Aberdeen, Scotland, preparing for the July 10th opening of perhaps the world's greatest golf course 
Recently opened it's beautiful and here is a video of the ribbon cutting ceremony.. 
can get people back to work. 
My interview with from the Olympics 100 Day Countdown in Times Square 
A bad manager such as will continually be plagued by scandals. Leadership starts at the top. 
I am in Istanbul,Turkey. Just opened magnificent #TrumpTowers--- a big hit. 
#trumpvlog The song "Donald Trump" hits 54 million views. Where's my money? 
Dick Clark was a friend of mine, he lived in one of my buildings on East 61st Street. Everybody loved him. He will be missed. 
Don't be fooled. In 2008 promised immigration reform in his 1st yr of his 1st term. Now promising (cont) 
In today's #trumpvlog the Secret Service, and Dick Clark..... 
RECKLESS! has now increased the debt more than any other POTUS and the first 42 combined. 
is right--this election is about jobs But it is interesting that (cont) 
Ted Nugent was obviously using a figure of speech, unfortunate as it was. It just shows the anger people have towards 
signed a $70B budget which cut $140M in indiv projects Very impressive. Rick is doing a masterful job. 
Very proud to announce that Mar-a-Lago was awarded top Historic building in the state by the illustrious (cont) 
has shown last week that he will campaign aggressively against I am confident he can defeat 
"I make no apologies for this country, my pride in it, or my desire to see us become strong and rich again. (cont) 
My interview discussing the passing of my longtime friend Dick Clark. A true TV legend who will be missed. 
Vanity Fair party at Tribeca Film Festival was a bust. 
I knew disgusting and unwanted porn star was a sleazebag the first time I met him. Thank goodness he was revealed (so to speak). 
#CelebrityApprentice ranked #1 among ABC ,CBS, and NBC in all key demos from 10-11PM. It won the 10PM hour by a 53% margin in 18-49 rating. 
By design, the middle class will be hit with record taxes under ObamaCare through inflation 
http://t.co/cZc9SRS6 REPEAL! 
Vanity Fair circulation down 20 percent. My third rate stalker should start looking for a new job. 
Obama's Secret Service catastrophe has openly revealed a great lack of respect for our President. If they (cont) 
Gloria Allred is always talking about me. She needs publicity. She is by far a better PR agent than lawyer. 
Under 5 major banks now control 56% of economy from 43% in 2007 Another catastrophe is brewing. 
Yesterday was favorite day of the year--he collects our taxes to redistribute. 
Our ally Canada is 'frustrated' by radical anti-gas policies BHO is forcing Canada to send gas to China. 
Enjoyed watching $ special #PainatthePump over the weekend. (cont) 
While watches, China is trying to have the yuan overtake our dollar as the international (cont) 
He would do a great job on Saturday Night Live. 
Paul Teutul Sr. is a fantastic guy. Although I fired him on #CelebApprentice, we will remain great friends. I love the bike he made for me. 
I have captured the smell of success. Meet me and the new "Success" Herald Square April 18 5:30pm, first (cont) 
My interview discussing reckless spending, the Buffet Tax gimmick and #CelebApprentice 
#CelebrityApprentice Paul Teutul, Sr. joined me for a press event in Trump Tower last week- 
Mike Bloomberg is doing a great job as Mayor of New York City. Ray Kelly is a great Police Commissioner. 
I'll be on@SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:30 am #TrumpTuesday 
Hear me on now!#rozandmocha 
Find out what Success smells like. I'll be Herald Square April 18 5:30pm to sign my new fragrance; first (cont) 
I will be at Herald Square April 18 to sign my new fragrance, #Success by Trump. First 100 customers receive a copy of my new book. 
The FDA must immediately stop allowing massive dose vaccinations in babies. It is mind boggling that they allow this practice to continue. 
Axl Rose should take his #rockhall2012 honors and be happy. Stop the no induction nonsense. Do it for your fans 
Just left the best golf course in the State of California- When in the LA area, check it out even (cont) 
"Capitalism requires capital. When government robs capital from investors through high taxes, it takes away the (cont) 
who wants to raise all our taxes, only pays 20.5% on $790k salary. Do as I say not as I do. 
If policies are so advantageous then why is he constantly invoking Ronald Reagan on the Stump? 
U.S. jobless claims are at a 2 month high.http://bloom.bg/HuedL7 gas policy and ObamaCare are directly killing jobs. 
One of the simplest joys of life is golf. A great game to both play and watch. 
Now Vice-Chief of Joint Staff is defending China while they cheat Wrong course of action. 
Many many people are thanking me for what I said about & vaccinations. Something must be done immediately. 
Many countries are cutting back, big time, on ugly, industrial wind turbines. The energy is very inefficient & (cont) 
The Celebrity Apprentice delivers the goods--and the puppets-- Sunday at 9 pm on NBC 
I'll be on at 7:30 AM Monday 
Attention to detail is critical; choose scents that exude sophistication & confidence. Find out more 4/18, 5:30 pm Herald Square. 
Excited to see that has joined twitter. Melania and I are looking forward to hosting her next week (cont) 
He handled the Zimmerman matter very well. I am glad to see there will be a trial. Justice. Now let's wait for a fair trial. 
It's Thursday, how much $ has wasted today? 
"Beyond eliminating the wasteful spending, we need to get tough in cracking down on the hundreds of billions of (cont) 
"We just have to get tough, get smart, and get a president willing to stand up for America and stick it to the (cont) 
"Look, if we can make chopsticks in America and sell them to the Chinese, we can compete on hundreds of other fronts as well."TimeToGetTough 
I'll be on THe Willis Report today at 5 pm EST 
I developed the Wollman Rink under budget and in record time If I hadn't gotten involved, it would still be unused. 
China attempted to sell embargoed computers to Iran China loves these deals! 
He is a successful entrepreneur. successfuly ruined America's credit. Easy choice in November. 
There can never be a sharp economic recovery until is out of the White House. 
The Fed should not do QE3. Neither the economy nor the dollar can withstand another round of artificial liquidity. 
I'll be speaking tomorrow at the San Jose Convention Center (CA) for the first- ever National Achievers Congress 
http://t.co/m4JN2oIw 
Thousands of US warplanes, ships and missiles contain fake electronic components from China, leaving them open (cont) 
Watch Ready-To-Wear Fashion Show at featuring and 
Good news--@RickSantorum did the right thing. I congratulate him on running a very good race. Now it's onto -- go get him Mitt! 
He wants 23 years of tax returns Let's see BHO's school (cont) 
He is sounding more and more like a real team player...he is a really good guy! 
Now they say obese women may cause Autism in children- nonsense, they use any excuse. The FDA should immediately (cont) 
Thomas Kinkade died. I happen to love the beauty of his paintings. He took a lot of heat from art critics who (cont) 
I will miss Mike Wallace. He did a major interview with me for 60 Minutes and it was totally fair and balanced. (cont) 
Vanity Fair Magazine, which used to be one of my favorites, is failing badly. Newsstand sales are plummeting--- (cont) 
#CelebrityApprentice contestant stopped by to visit today- 
Congrats to on winning the Masters. He did it without heavy reliance on coaches and the other hanger-ons - he just played golf. 
I made my decision to allow Jenna Talackova to participate in Miss Universe Canada two days before Gloria Allred (cont) 
Vote for Mar-a-Lago- 
#MidasTouch is divided into five sections. The second is the index finger which represents Focus- 
has created more jobs in the private sector than has as President. record (cont) 
$6 gas is coming sooner than later. America must become energy independent with our own resources and fast.Also, (cont) 
THe WH should not have hosted the Muslim Brotherhood. friends are enemies of the US and The Islamist winter is here. 
It's wants to raise all our taxes--who applauds China for cutting their taxes! (cont) 
His budget: interest payments to China will exceed US defense spending by 2019 America! 
"The five fingers represent the five key factors every entrepreneur dreaming of success must master." (cont) 
Looked at plans for Trump Doral Country Club today. It will be amazing! Glad to be in Miami. 
Proud to see my friend Governor Chris Christie standing up for Israel on his visit. Standing tall! 
Arrived in Palm Beach, drove by a gas staion, $4.50 a gallon. Result of failed leadership. 
"The Midas Touch hand is the ideal metaphor to represent the attributes critical to entrepreneurial success." (cont) 
The #CelebrityApprentice Sunday night on NBC at 9 PM. Another exciting episode is ready to go. 
http://t.co/pdeRzTC1 
Don't miss me on Monday at 7:30 AM 
My book with Midas Touch is divided into five sections. The first is the thumb-
http://t.co/ty5zZXDL 
While criticizes the GOP budget, his own party graded him with an "F" by voting down his budget in the House 414-0. 
Oprah will end up doing just fine with her network--she knows how to win. 
He is now losing in the latest to in Pennsylvania Rick is wasting everyone's time. 
"Here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military (cont) 
"Here's the solution on China: get tough. Slap a 25 percent tax on China's products if they don't set a real (cont) 
This is a great time for to bow out with dignity. 
My interview discussing USC comments, insurance premiums, on the (cont) 
My interview discussing healthcare monopolies, oil prices and birthday 
Mar-a-Lago, my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built, has been nominated as one of (cont) 
Why gas prices will rise, Miss Canada/Miss Universe, and #CelebApprentice in today's #trumpvlog... 
I'll be speaking on Thursday, April 12, at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention (cont) 
doesn't believe in the Supreme Court or its power--I thought he was a constitutional lawyer. Why (cont) 
Remember what I said about attacking Iran before the election--I hope the Iranians are not so (cont) 
has a limited window to exit the race and to keep both his integrity and reputation...the time to (cont) 
He made a deal with Saudi Arabia to pump the hell out of oil until after the election. Watch what (cont) 
My twitter account is now reaching more people than the New York Times--not bad. And we're only going to get better! 
#CelebApprentice contestants and joined me for interviews today- 
"China is our enemy. It's time we start acting like it and if we do our job correctly, China will gain a whole (cont) 
"Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game." #TheArtofTheDeal 
Another solar company funded with our money has filed for bankruptcy One (cont) 
He said it would be 'unprecedented' if the USC rules that ObamaCare is unconstitutional. It was (cont) 
Real estate is always a great asset to own but especially now. Try to take advantage if you can and buy (cont) 
He should not be trying to intimidate the USC justices on ObamaCare. He is worried because SG (cont) 
"Life is very fragile and success doesn't change that. If anything, success makes it more fragile. Anything can (cont) 
My #TrumpTuesday interview discussing golf, VP choices, the real estate market & healthcare reform 
"When people treat me badly or unfairly or try to take advantage of me, my general attitude, all my life, has (cont) 
"The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have. Leverage is (cont) 
Chinese demand is raising the price of oil to$123/Barrel We need to use our own energy resources. 
"The administration is far more enthusiastic about boosting food-stamp enrollment than about preventing fraud." #TimeToGetTough 
What will be excuse tomorrow after wins Wisconsin and Maryland? Time for Rick to face reality and drop out. 
The US should not give a penny of foreign aid to Egypt if the Muslim Brotherhood takes over the country. We (cont) 
America's competitors love says has been "the best 3 years" for Russia 
I'll be on on Monday at 7:30 AM. 
Be sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode 
Some exciting news--the newest acquisition of Trump Golf--Trump National Golf Club, Charlotte NC, formerly The (cont) 
He wants record high gas prices--drilling permits on federal land are declining under his regime 
is a disaster. Despite the mandate there will still be 27M uninsured and premiums will rise at FASTER rate 
White House Press Sec. had a hard time explaining why supported tax breaks for oil companies in (cont) 
I'll be speaking at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention Center (San Jose, CA) (cont) 
Waste! With a $16T debt and $1T budget deficit, is sending $770M overseas "to fight global warming" 
studying ways to increase pressure on China over their currency manipulation and unfair subsidy practices 
It was great seeing and yesterday- 
"A smart negotiator would use the leverage of our dollars, our laws, and our armed forces to get a better deal (cont) 
"The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it." #TheArtofTheDeal 
"I like thinking big. I always have. To me it's very simple: if you're going to be thinking anyway, you might as (cont) 
Don't forget the three hour episode of Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night 8pm-11pm on NBC. You're in for a (cont) 
A study says is out of control--a 78% increase in 10 years. Stop giving monstrous combined vaccinations (cont) 
doesn't look injured to me. Even if he's in a fight, does he have to use a gun--and why shoot (cont) 
Photo of and me from yesterday's interview... 
Bad news for reports that the economy (71%) and gas prices (65%) are Americans' top (cont) 
Biden is delusional. He is criticizing on jobs.http://apne.ws/H2gURT economic record is an abject failure. 
The Fed must be reined in. In 2011, the Fed bought 61% percent of US debt--even more than 2008. Unsustainable! 
In 2008 warned that "electricity rates will necessarily skyrocket" during his term. Mission Accomplished! 
endorsement of shows that the GOP is coalescing to defeat 
He received an early endorsement from the Soviet newspaper Pravda over (cont) 
"Liberals can hardly belileve it--they can't understand how health care costs could have risen so much when (cont) 
The House Republicans and Democrats are finally unanimous! Yesterday they voted down $3.6T budget (cont) 
"Fans like winners. They come to watch stars--great exciting players who do great, exciting things." #TheArtofTheDeal 
My interview where I discuss the #ObamaCare USC argument, gas prices & new clothing line 
"To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system. Almost every (cont) 
"What's incredible is that hasn't even kicked in yet and aleady it's doing tremendous damage." (cont) 
I wonder if has promised Iran and China that he can be more flexible after his last election? 
The Afghan Security Forces who we are training have killed 52 U.S. soldiers Time to get out of there! 
is desperate. He is now saying that he wants to be VP. (cont) 
When is not vacationing, he is hosting his top donors in the White House Always having a good time! 
Welcome to the 'Islamist Winter' - the Muslim Brotherhood is now taking over the Egyptian military and possibly (cont) 
Global warming has been proven to be a canard repeatedly over and over again. The left needs a dose of reality. 
My interview discussing interest rates, the deficit, timing, and the Doral 
Alex Rodriguez should substantially reduce his salary from the Yankees in that he misrepresented his use of (cont) 
Behind the scenes photo of and I filming an interview- Watch tonight at 10PM ET on 
I'll be interviewed by Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 pm ET on Fox. 
Let's not get too excited about Monday's U.S. Supreme Court oral argument on #ObamaCare before the decision. No (cont) 
- my description of - "Future President" or "POTUS 45" or "@BarackObama's Worst Nightmare" 
"America's relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont) 
"Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, Obama has been a total disaster. And (cont) 
Not his 'per se'? A Friday document dump shows all-hands-on-deck as Solyndra collapsed lies. 
Mar-a-Lago, my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built, has been nominated as one of (cont) 
ObamaCare is clearly unconstitutional. Hopefully the USC rules correctly but in the end repealing ObamaCare requires a political solution. 
Whether plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue, the issue is strategic timing. Why release it now? 
When confronted, can't defend his ridiculous attacks on 
He is caught on tape making election promises to on missile defense and national security 
My interview discussing the acquisition of and the timing of plan 
Trump Tuesday: I'll be on tomorrow morning at 7:30 AM. Be sure to tune in. 
"If we reelect the America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look like the America we were (cont) 
"With China beating us like a punching bag daily, OPEC vacuuming our wallets clean, and jobs nowhere in sight, (cont) 
If you are a young entrepreneur just entering the business world, I highly recommend that you read "The Art of (cont) 
He is incapable of admitting that he is a complete and utter failure. He is 100% responsible for Solyndra. 
is desperate. Now he is saying that he would prefer over (cont) 
keeps taking credit for an increase in oil production. Of course his policies have nothing to do (cont) 
The Chinese want to steal our jobs and technology--that includes so called green energy which they make but (cont) 
I'll be on Monday at 7:30 AM. 
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC. You're in for a great show.

http://t.co/y6Qsh1uv 
I am following the Trayvon Martin case carefully. It's a terrible situation that should never have happened. (cont) 
Congratulations to Woody Johnson and on acquiring is not only a winner but a leader. (cont) 
Happy Birthday to my legendary friend Aretha Franklin. 
"We have to get tough on China. For every one American child there are four Chinese. China is out to steal our (cont) 
"The blatant waste of taxpayers' dollars doesn't bother Obama, because it's all part of his broader nanny-state (cont) 
The Saudis are taking credit for a meager 2% drop on crude They always play this game (cont) 
Strange--why didn't hold any special event to celebrate the 2 year anniversary of ObamaCare? 
He has as much chance of being the GOP nominee as does of ever having a successful (cont) 
He had another impressive win last night in Illinois. His delegate lead is insurmountable. It is (cont) 
My interview discussing the GOP primary, gas prices, the Doral purchase and my outlook on the economy. 
They should seriously look into the moron George Zimmerman who shot and killed the 17 year old kid, Trayvon (cont) 
Ron DeSantis, Iraq vet, Navy hero, bronze star, Yale, Harvard Law, running for Congress in Fla. Very impressive. 
Played the Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach last weekend. One of the best golf courses in the country. Perfect weather. 
He wants to decide what books people can read, what movies they can see. #freespeech It doesn't work that way! 
Trump Tuesday on 7:30 AM, is getting very good ratings as is on Mondays, 7:30 AM. 
should consider Gov McDonnell of VA, Gov Christie of NJ and Senator Rubio of FL for VP. Really good men doing a really good job. 
Just bought Doral Hotel &amp; Country Club in Miami--within two years it will be the best resort in the country. 
I am deeply disturbed by what I have read in the case of I support a full investigation and justice. 
I am so glad got fired by Rosie is a bully and it's always nice to see bullies go down! 
Why gas prices will cost re-election: pain-at-the-pump-not-good-for-obama 
Congratulations to for being reckless. In his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable. 
Why does always have to rely on teleprompters? 
America is mired in the longest job recession since the Great Depression. can get us out of it. (cont) 
My interview where I discuss being canceled yet again and how she just can't make it on TV 
My interview where I discuss why is an economic ignoramus and how OPEC is inflating gas prices. 
Give great credit to for exposing the atrocities taking place in Sudan. 
Rosie O'Donnell has failed again. Her ratings were abysmal and Oprah cancelled her on Friday night. When will (cont) 
Be sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode 
#CelebApprentice fans watch today's #trumpvlog to find out about our new App 
We should have gotten more of the oil in Syria, and we should have gotten more of the oil in Iraq. Dumb leaders. 
"We don't always think of our presidents as jobs and business negotiators, but they are. Presidents are our (cont) 
"If we keep on this path, if we reelect the America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look (cont) 
Afghani soldiers--those on our side--killed 7 Marines last month. They don't want us, what (cont) 
has wasted billions of our tax dollars on speculative green projects like Solyndra. He is an economic ignoramus. 
Rising gas prices are causing a steep rise in consumer prices and will slow any future economic growth. It is a tax on all Americans. 
I'll be on Monday at 7:30 AM. Be sure to tune in. 
Barack Obama is hard at work today on his highest priority--his reelection. has 5 fundraisers in 2 cities.http://t.co/ylvQk7Em 
My interview with where I explain that we need to start using our own domestic energy resources. 
is clearly not a team player. If he was, knowing that he has a zero chance of winning the (cont) 
Be sure to watch #CelebApprentice on Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC. Another great episode!
http://t.co/pdeRzTC1 
Once again, proves he can't run a professional campaign. He is ineligible in large section of (cont) 
He invited his top campaign bundlers and donors to the British State Dinner So corrupt! 
Last week was a first in #CelebApprentice when I fired 2 celebrities at once. Wish I could FIRE (cont) 
I'm not a hunter and don't approve of killing animals. I strongly disagree with my sons who are hunters, but (cont) 
"The illegal immigrant crime problem is far more serious and threatening than most people understand. Along our (cont) 
"When your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military capability, you (cont) 
The administration now claims to have done "everything" to reduce gas prices What about Keystone? 
SHOCK! ObamaCare will cost double what promised -- over $1.76 -- and result (cont) 
I commend for defending the NYPD and Commissioner Kelly. The NYPD has done outstanding work in defending NYC from attacks. 
lost a big motion yesterday--she is entitled to nothing. The show made her--she should have been happy. 
The 2012 budget deficit is already $93 billion larger than earlier estimates (cont) 
did well last night. He won 2/4 contests and earned the most delegates. will be the nominee.http://wapo.st/yjKOcr 
"Yes, the BP oil spill was bad, but it was no reason to put tighter clamps on domestic drilling. That showed no (cont) 
"In terms of energy, we need to be exploring and developing numerous approaches...and I also include in that (cont) 
The day after blocks a Texas voter photo ID law, exposes more dead people getting ballots 
has won the most delegates, received the most votes and won the most states. The primary is over. Time to defeat 
doesn't have an answer for how much Americans should pay for gas He wants $6/gallon gas! 
#trumpvlog My thoughts on Afghanistan, and why I fired two people on this week's #CelebApprentice... 
My interview discussing today's primary contests, lead and my stock picks 
My interview from last Friday discussing the unemployment numbers, gas prices and acquiring the Doral 
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower New York---winner of the Forbes Five-Star Hotel Award in 2009 through 2012. 
NYC's top cop acted wisely and legally to monitor activities of some in the Muslim community. Vigilance keeps us (cont) 
He should get out of the race so Republicans can focus on 
Cadillac Championship at Doral a great success--I just bought Doral--it will be amazing. Cadillac a great American car. 
His specialties? Vacations and campaigning. Jobs not so much! 
Would anyone in the music industry treat a Democrat like this? is being punished for his political views 
Doral Tournament was great--best 18th hole in golf and a wonderful winner in 
Afghanistan is a total disaster. We don't know what we are doing. They are, in addition to everything else, robbing us blind. 
China talks about the so-called "carbon footprint" and then, behind our leaders backs, they laugh. They could (cont) 
The US is stupidly closing all of its coal fired plants while at the same time we're selling our coal to (cont) 
Maniac Sergeant who went on a killing spree in Afghanistan must be punished, big time, and quickly. 
Pathetic: did not want to veto Keystone himself--so he lobbied the Democrats in the Senate to defeat it.http://bit.ly/zXtRp3 
Seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control. 
When I was 18, people called me Donald Trump. When he was 18, was Barry Soweto. Weird. 
Personally, I'm glad the NYPD is monitoring the actions of certain extremists. New York's finest! I support them. 
The Celebrity Apprentice, Sunday night at 9 PM on NBC. Another great episode!
http://t.co/y6Qsh1uv 
I'll be on Monday at 7:30 AM, don't miss it. 
Coincidence? More than half of 47 biggest fundraisers have been given administration jobs. 
The only candidate who can get 1145 delegates is The primary is over. 
BarackObama set a record deficit last February - $229 billion while borrowing 42 cents of every dollar it spent. is reckless. 
The recovery - US unemployment is 9.1%, US underemployment is 19.1% Businesses won't hire under Obama. 
My interview with discussing Super Tuesday and why must be defeated.http://bit.ly/AD17BE 
Excited by my acquisition of Doral Hotel & Country Club in Miami--already world class, but will soon be The Best. 
Ray Kelly is the best Police Commissioner in NYC history. Keeping NYC safe thru vigilance. 
"Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont) 
"That's what I find so morally offensive about welfare dependency: it robs people of the chance to improve. Work (cont) 
"America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our (cont) 
He is a professional and true gentleman: is one of my favorite contestants from #CelebApprentice. 
Gas is $6 already in California. Don' worry - Algae energy policy is going to pay major (cont) 
He will lose a delegate in Oklahoma--he only got 57% of the vote in the Democrat primary 
He claims he does not want higher gas prices. That's not what he said in 2008: 
As an "honorary Buckeye" I want to thank the OH GOP primary voters for putting over the top. It was a crucial win. 
My interview with on behalf of discussing why the GOP must nominate 
My interview on discussing why will defeat with a strong campaign. 
Happy and proud to help win Ohio with robo-calls in pivotal Cuyahoga County 
"The military threat from China is gigantic--and it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies (cont) 
"While China screws us with every turn of its currency, is the biggest commercial espionage threat we face, (cont) 
Someone should ask in today's press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined. 
He promised to close Gitmo in his first year. It is still open 3 years later and about to get a (cont) 
Strong leader: Netanyahu explained at AIPAC the threat Israel faces from Iran's nuclear drive. He is (cont) 
He is using the IRS to sabotage the Tea Party What about the Occupy Wall Street groups? 
China is raising its defense budget by 11% wants to cut ours by over $1Trillion. Wrong policy. 
Today will be a Super Tuesday for -- he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region. He will be the nominee. 
With respect to Iran, we have all the cards--they are scared stiff! I can't believe we aren't able to negotiate (cont) 
My interview discussing why is a great nominee, gas prices and why George Will is a loser. 
"Americans understand that the US has a spending problem, not a revenue problem." #TimeToGetTough 
A MUST READ! last article--The Vetting, Part I: Love Song to Alinsky 
I fully support the and They should all be honored for protecting us since 9/11---not demonized. 
Once again, speech at yesterday proved that he is more concerned about containing (cont) 
Shock! Obamacare's high risk pool spending DOUBLED government estimates is bankrupting this country! 
Dopey the most overrated political pundit in the business, continues to downgrade the Republican (cont) 
"If history teaches us anything, it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national (cont) 
"The Chinese laugh at how weak and pathetic our government is in combating intellectual property theft." (cont) 
The real unemployment rate according to the CBO is 15% economic recovery is all "Hope" 
He made a great contribution to the press--@AndrewBreitbart will be missed. 
claims that his Koran apology "calmed things down" US troops were killed by (cont) 
is right--the Chinese have 'walked all over' will rein in the Chinese. 
"Imagine how much stronger economic shape we would be in if we made the Iraqi government agree to a cost-sharing (cont) 
"Imagine how much money the average American would save if we busted the OPEC cartel." (cont) 
should stop pressuring Israel against attacking Iran and worry how he will stop the Iranian nuclear drive. 
China is getting minerals from Afghanistan We are getting our troops killed by the Afghani govt't. Time to get out. 
Gas prices are up 30 cents this month, rising 21 days in a row Don't worry - has a solution--ALGAE! 
After Super Tuesday, every GOP candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can't get the nomination. 
I loved being a surrogate on behalf of I am glad I was able to help him win. 
Ann Romney is a fantastic lady. She was great in thanking people last night! 
"American corporations and entrepreneurs are masters of technological and business innovation, but the Chinese (cont) 
Energy Sec. called for $7-$9 gas in January. Wish granted. owns the gas prices. 
ObamaCare gives free insurance to illegal immigrants. Yet is cutting our troops healthcare. (cont) 
He was quick to issue an apology on behalf of America to Karzai. Why won't he release the letter? 
http://t.co/ueHE0mog 
America will have record growth and prosperity during his adminstration: success in the private sector is a tremendous asset. 
#trumpvlog My thoughts on gasoline prices skyrocketing...... 
The oil reserve is a strageic asset for a time of war and an embargo. should open more land for drilling, not tap the reserve. 
Mitt's got it right: attacks on pro-growth tax cut proposal are foolish. 
My interview from this morning discussing the price of oil, windfarms,Doral Hotel & Country Club and more...http://bit.ly/7WuvAN 
New York Times Apologizes to Donald Trump

A recent story in the New York Times incorrectly stated that Donald (cont) 
"If Obama is really concerned about carbon emissions and air pollution, then maybe he should have (cont) 
"The fact is, you're not going to see real growth or create real jobs until we get these exorbitant energy costs (cont) 
The UK has run out of money and can't afford to borrow. Neither can we but that doesn't stop 
It is time Republicans stop attacking each other and focus on America cannot survive a second term. 
It is time to get out of Afghanistan. We are building roads and schools for people that hate us. It is not in our national interests. 
What America needs: follows in steps of Kemp and Reagan with pro-growth tax cut. 
is a moron who should have been pummeled by the weak and pathetic security person who stood (cont) 
"For a country like China, being able to steal our military designs represents hundreds of billions in savings (cont) 
"While is obsessed with 'green collar jobs,' blue collar workers aren't buying it." (cont) 
This is good news: is now leading in Michigan by 6 points according to 
Pastor #Nadarkhani must be released by Iran immediately. I applaud the & for issuing (cont) 
As gas prices keep rising, won't approve Keystone. Instead he is pushing algae - yes, algae - as an (cont) 
In 2008, campaigned against $3.50 gas It is now $6 in Florida and on the rise. He is a disaster! 
My interview with Michael Patrick Shiels on WJIM in Lansing on behalf of 
My interview with discussing the #CNNDebate and how to deal with Iran without using force 
I'm on every Monday morning at 7:30... 
Take a tour of this amazing residence at Trump World Tower..... 
Clive Davis gave a great eulogy at my friend Whitney Houston's funeral--absolutely amazing! 
Debbie Wasserman Schultz is hard to watch or listen to--no wonder our country is going to hell! 
"Restoring American wealth will require that we get tough. The next president must understand that America's (cont) 
"We are the greatest country the world has ever known. I make no apologies for this country, my pride in it, or (cont) 
"If China didn't play games with its currency and we played on a level economic playing field, we could easily (cont) 
HALF of Americans don't pay income tax despite crippling govt debt...
http://t.co/gDAUj0Kt 
Irony! was in Florida yesterday fundraising. Gas also rose to $6/gallon for Florida drivers yesterday. 
RT Bike we built for The gold flakes in the paint out in the sunlight looked amazing! 
to in #CNNDebate: In 2008 You Called Me "Really Conservative" 
Iranian Pastor #Nadarkhani has just been sentenced to death by the Mullahs because he is a Christian (cont) 
In last night's #CNNDebate proved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore America's future. 
My interview with where I explain that gas is headed to $5, $6 and why can't win 
My robocall on behalf of playing across the state of Michigan 
"America's relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont) 
"We need to bring manufacturing jobs back home where they belong." #TimeToGetTough 
Rev. Graham made a critical point. has turned a blind eye to the Christians being persecuted in (cont) 
He may be the worst reporter in all of sports: of He gets away with murder and most people (cont) 
Now wants us to believe the Republicans cancelled Keystone and are responsible for $4 gas. He (cont) 
is having wonderful ratings once again. & I am very proud of this season. 
is a special player. He makes watching the Knicks fun. I think he can lead the Knicks far this season. 
As the took their 16th vacation this month, unemployment is back to 9% and underemployment at (cont) 
The more I get to know the more I like him. He has the judgment and private sector experience America needs in the White House. 
My interview with on on behalf of discussing why Michigan needs to go for Romney. 
David Letterman's show has become so boring and mundane. Somehow, every time I look, I can't help thinking of (cont) 
"Right now we have a president and a Treasury secretary who shrug while China tears away hundreds of thousands (cont) 
"Our President should stop trying to be an economist to the world and start fighting for our economy. Instead (cont) 
Iran's threats are no excuse for the 9 month high price of oil. OPEC is ripping us off while watches. 
If the GOP will have any chance to beat in November, the great people of Michigan need to support candidacy. 
As the nuclear crisis with Iran shows, America needs to import oil from a reliable region. Keystone XL Pipeline (cont) 
Michelle Obama's weekend ski trip to
Aspen makes it 16 times that Obamas have gone on vacation in 3 years. (cont) 
Foreigners slashed the purchase of US debt late last year--the first time in over 2years. We must control spending. 
Mark my words, a gallon of gas will be $5 during the summer. OPEC is ripping us off. There's nobody in our (cont) 
Watch #CelebApprentice this Sunday at 9PM ESTon has received many 4 star reviews. 
Admitted:@BarackObama's Treasury Secretary admitted that their 2013 budget does nothing to address America's (cont) 
Our ally Canada wants to send their oil down south to us. is forcing Canada to send it west to China. 
He wrote a great piece on China criticized him (cont) 
My discussing the discussing the cast 
Don't forget! Sunday night at 9 pm EST on Apprentice is back! Tune in for a great show. 
"By raiding the defense budget to pay for his failed social programs, continues to weaken our (cont) 
"I've got news for President America is not what's wrong with the world. I don't believe we need (cont) 
"Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does, it slows growth and kills jobs. It's (cont) 
Weakness is very dangerous: is going to unilaterally disarm our nuclear arsenal. America keeps the world safe! 
Bush was called "unpatriotic" by in '07 for adding $4T to debt increased it $6T in 3 years. 
The Fed is considering issuing even more US bond debt into the market. Not good! 
Gallup poll proves that regulation and Obamacare are stopping small business owners from hiring SHOCK! 
Yesterday China VP Xi stressed "the benefits of trade with China" to Congress We need FAIR TRADE with China! 
RT Trump: 'Celebrity Apprentice' Season 5 is 'Tough, Nasty & Smart.' Watch:
http://t.co/l7K0D9Cx 
Old Post Office Building in DC will be a world-class Trump property. Honored to be doing this historic building--Washington will be proud. 
He gets the China problem, why don't the others? 
Very successful fund raising for yesterday. Good to see my friend Woody Johnson. 
You have to find a business that you love. That's number one. Success requires passion. Then keep your focus and never give up. 
Maybe they don't want to. 
Thanks, I'll keep at it. 
No, not trademarked. 
Pat Caddell on Neil Cavuto tonight: "I've watched Donald Trump take on the issues of energy and he ties it to (cont) 
Canada's PM was in China last week brokering a deal to sell the oil rejected in Keystone. Unbelievable! 
Scenes from last night's episode of where and I visit the OCC HQ 
Wrong Policy: wants to cut defense spending by $487B while China is building their navy in the Pacific. 
The recession was made worse by A $900Billion deficit is not getting better. 
When the economy is bad, wants to raise taxes. When the economy is good, wants to raise taxes. Notice a trend? 
Iran's attack on Israeli diplomats is an attack on the West 
You'll have to watch to find out. 
So had another game winning shot last night. Looks like the Knicks have not only found a new point guard (cont) 
RT: Polling shows the movement could still nominate a viable independent with a chance of victory... 
I was in my twenties. 
I like to invest in what I know, which tends to be real estate, but I keep an open mind. 
I don't think it has run its course. There are opportunities. Finding them and maximizing them are key components for success. 
My agenda is such that I can't meet with you, but it's always nice to be asked and I wish you the best. 
That could be a possibility but there are no plans at the moment. This season of Celebrity Apprentice is great--be sure to watch. 
"The final part of restoring fiscal sanity to America is the most obvious, and that's to control Obama-style (cont) 
"China is our enemy. It's time we start acting like it...and if we do our job corectly, China will gain a whole (cont) 
"So, I speak badly of China, but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want? They want Trump." (cont) 
A clip from my interview with discussing the cast of Season 5 
Flattering. Over 500 upset people called Mar-a-Lago disappointed I am not running for President--but Mitt Romney will do a great job. 
"America's primary goal with Iran must be to destroy its nuclear ambitions. Let me put this as plainly as I know (cont) 
"We need a dealmaker in the White House, who knows how to think innovatively and make smart (cont) 
"We need a president who is smart and tough enough to recognize the national security threat China poses in the (cont) 
In today's #trumpvlog I speak about the chopper recently made for me by #CelebApprentice 
budget funds the "Arab Spring" with $800B and the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt $1.3B in military aid. He loves radical Islam. 
This is dangerous: is seeking to shrink Israeli military funding but gives $1.3Billion to Muslim (cont) 
A gallon of gas is $3.523 today and has never before risen so high early in the year The policy realized! 
So wrong! is hosting China's VP Xi Jinping today at the Pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons... 
A day after released a trillion dollar budget deficit, he is hosting China's future leader VP XiJinping. America's new reality. 
Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Emanuel Cleaver is right. budget is a "nervous breakdown on paper."http://bit.ly/zyDytZ 
A day after Greece burned released a $3.8 Trillion budget for 2013 with a $900 Billion deficit.He will turn America into Greece 
Watch Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on NBC at 12:35 EST tonight---I'll be bringing a couple of surprises with me. 
"We need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth, savings and investment. It's time to (cont) 
"Look, when it comes to China, America better stop messing around. China sees us as a naive, gullible, foolish (cont) 
"It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone." (cont) 
Honored to have passed 1 million twitter followers. We are making America #1 again. #TimeToGetTough 
This has to stop! loves accruing American debt--he missed his budget deficit goal by over $500 billion. 
My interview discussing my friend Whitney Houston, CPAC speech,the economy and primary 
Whitney Houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. We will all miss her and send our prayers to her family. 
This week we saw what Obama Care actually does when implemented. It is a losing issue for and must be repealed. 
class warfare rhetoric is taking a backseat for the DNC convention. He is charging $1 Million for a single suite. 
The $25 Billion settlement with the banks on mortgages will slow the housing market down even more and create higher user fees. Stupid! 
will give a great speech at CPAC today. He understands the threat from China. 
interview with discussing the economy and politics 
"The fastest way we can start saving Social Security is to get Americans back to work." #TimeToGetTough (cont) 
"The GOP needs to learn how to get tough and outnegotiate and his big spending allies in (cont) 
Keystone must be approved. Oil is at a record high. We need to use our resources and support allies like Canada. 
Timing is important, so considerations such as your financial situation and how solid your plans are should be reviewed. 
The Church is yet another victim to his liberal agenda: lied to his Catholic supporters to pass ObamaCare. 
Q/A The secret behind my success is that I love what I'm doing. That gives me energy, focus (cont) 
The Fed is destroying the dollar. When inflation hits the economy then even more jobs will go overseas. 
Q/A Yes, I'd give the real numbers. 
Q/A I receive a great many requests for interviews, nationally and internationally. 
Why should he? He's only the POTUS--and has "no opinion" on whether the Senate should pass a budget. 
http://t.co/mzZpltxC 
Lawrence O'Donnell will soon have another cancelled show to go along with his three cancelled TV series, "Mister (cont) 
#trumpvlog Windfarms in today's video blog... 
My interview with discussing the 2012 GOP primary and ObamaCare's attack on the Catholic Church. 
My interview with discussing electability and Senate loss. 
My best secret for business is that you have to love what you're doing. You need passion. (cont) 
Every citizen has the right to do political analysis--and should--as well as to endorse (cont) 
Who is the dumbest man on TV? of MSNBC... 
The best advice to a young entrepreneur is to read my book with Robert Kiyosaki, Midas Touch. (cont) 
I wear suits from the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection. 
Jon Huntsman called to see me. I said no, he gave away our country to China! 
Check out a picture of the custom made Trump Bike that Paul Teutul Sr. presented to me today in Trump Tower-- 
"Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does, it slows growth and kills jobs. It's (cont) 
#trumpvlog My thoughts on in today's video blog... 
"Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont) 
"I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring'?" (cont) 
ObamaCare is an attack on our country's identity. The latest victim is the Catholic church. It must be full repealed. 
I already have two great pilots. 
I have not met but his song, Donald Trump, has had over 40 milion hits. Maybe he should pay me somethiing. 
Government dependency has surged over 23% since has taken office. He is creating an entitlement culture. 
Sorry, she's taken. 
I only require four hours of sleep per night. 
hard at work yesterday shooting a marshmallow cannon in the WH East Room while our country burns. 
As a parent, education has a high priority, it is very important. I went to one of the best schools and (cont) 
Glad to see no charges against Greg Kelly. His accusers' charges never made sense! 
I see my friend is speaking at CPAC. Solid guy, wonderful job. #sayfie 
My first job was working for and with my father, Fred C. Trump. 
In answer to your question, my favorite thing to do is spending time with my family. 
He's not a smart man. He is a poor journalist and he likes fabricating the truth-- all reasons why his ratings stink! 
Eli Manning. Great Athlete. Great Guy. great teamwork! 
Why is the only guy who talks about getting tough with China and their currency manipulation? 
Many people have been asking me to answer questions. You can ask me questions at any time. #TrumpQandA 
Vanity Fair is failing. Newstand sales are down 20 percent--2nd most for major magazines and the magazine has (cont) 
I see poll numbers are improving. Good man doing a good job. 
Many, many people are disappointed I didn't run third party--but I won't risk benefiting from a split in the anti-Obama vote. 
I endorsed not because I agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with China. 
Another green car loan recipient is laying off staff. How many billions of our money has he wasted? 
A record 1.2 million Americans have left the job force during "recovery" Don't trust the job numbers. 
"It's hardly any wonder that our country's manufacturing dominance has evaporated." #TimeToGetTough (cont) 
"Destroying the world's finest health-care system so that can have his socialized medicine program (cont) 
I believe is manipulating the jobless numbers 
Tune in tonight at 1 AM EST to the QVC network to watch Melania Trump debut her first 2012 "Melania Timepieces & (cont) 
My interview discussing the Super Bowl, the real unemployment numbers, Iran and (cont) 
As China is building an air and naval force, is cutting ours. He is weakening our national security. 
The Prayer Breakfast was used by to say that the Bible commands higher income taxes. That's not the way it is! 
The economy is in terrible shape. is manipulating the job numbers to hide the truth. 
He's saddled our children with more debt than we accumulated in 225 years in America. has done an (cont) 
Not the world, only your tiny group of viewers--the world doesn't care about you. You're too stupid to (cont) 
"So, I speak badly of China, but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want? They want Trump." (cont) 
My Super Bowl commercial which aired during the third quarter. 
#SuperBowl Vote for me and 
The CBO has predicted that unemployment will rise to 8.8% this next year. This is economic recovery. 
My interview with discussing why I endorsed and why he will make a great President 
"We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers." (cont) 
My interview with discussing my endorsement of and how I came to my decision 
My interview with discussing my endorsement of and why he can beat 
I watched at the National Prayer Breakfast -- and he looked totally uncomfortable with his words. (cont) 
The New York Times/Bill Carter/Sept.26, 2011: "On MSNBC, meanwhile, Lawrence O'Donnell has lost 100,000 viewers (cont) 
Sleepy eyed thinks Las Vegas is a state--see this morning. 
I bet the dumbest political commentator on television, will soon be thrown off the air for poor (cont) 
Watch my endorsement of 
I will be making a major announcement today at 12:30 pm PST at Trump International Hotel & Tower, Las Vegas, (cont) 
I will be making a major announcement tomorrow (Thursday, February 2) at 12:30 pm at Trump International Hotel & (cont) 
#trumpvlog dismal record in today's video blog.... 
He wants to release 5 senior Taliban detainees back to the Taliban. The Taliban out negotiates him! 
His spending is reckless: will set a record fourth year of a $1 trillion budget deficit. 
Shocking--two of largest campaign bundlers are directly linked to Solyndra What a coincidence! 
"The point is: the Chinese are smart--they respond to economic pressure, and they know they're not going to get (cont) 
"America became a powerhouse because of our deep belief in the virtue of self-reliance." #TimeToGetTough (cont) 
"A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off. We've done it before." #TimeToGetTough 
I was on this morning 
My interview with discussing the national housing market, unemployment numbers and the FL (cont) 
My interview discussing building a cemetery next to Trump National, the FL primary, and OPEC 
Great news that the New York Stock Exchange won't be owned by a German company. European regulators turned the (cont) 
Congratulations to for an impressive win in Florida. He performed well under pressure. 
Formerly of the New York Times, was a poor theatre critic who was forced out. Sadly, he is an even (cont) 
Keystone: MUST pass Keystone by linking it to another bill. 
The banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn. This is why we bailed the banks out! 
The Muslim Brotherhood, allies in Egypt, will cancel the Camp David Agreement. What a disaster! 
A commander in chief has to possess the right instincts. That's one of the biggest problems with (cont) 
"What's incredible is that Obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and already it's doing tremendous damage." (cont) 
"It is simply immoral for the government to encourage able-bodied Americans to think that a life on welfare, of (cont) 
My interview discussing economic failures, attack on capitalism and playing class warfare. 
My interview discussing my possible GOP endorsement, taxes and the Florida primary. 
All eyes are on Florida today. I will be watching the GOP primary results very closely. We need the right candidate to beat 
My appearance this morning on Good Morning America...
http://t.co/7qrilC0x 
Today is a big day for us and for Toronto: Trump International Hotel & Tower Toronto opens today. (cont) 
The Islamists are taking over Egypt through the election. Why did force Mubarak out? He was an ally. 
Keystone must be approved through Congress. is costing America over 20,000 jobs and driving the price of gas high. 
The GOP primary is getting very nasty. The candidates need to remember that is the main target. He must not be reelected. 
Glad to hear Bella Santorum is recovering. has a beautiful family. 
"The military threat from China is gigantic and it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies (cont) 
Food stamps up 45%. Federal handouts up 45%. Is happy? 
Check out this photo shoot video of Spring 2012 collection.... 
Another electric car firm that gave $118M just went bankrupt. He loves to waste our tax dollars. 
For those who missed my chat with on radio, here it is on TV. Sean is terrific.http://bit.ly/w06T9F 
He admits his presidency has been flawed...but claims economy is stronger. 
My interview with discussing this season's #TimeToGetTough, the economy and GOP primary. 
He makes a mistake "every hour, every day" admits The problem is that we are paying for them. 
Watch the clip from my #C21 Super Bowl spot on tonight. 
"I've got news for President Obama: America is not what's wrong with the world." #TimeToGetTough
http://t.co/Yy6GNcx3 
"Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, has been a total (cont) 
Watch me on tonight at 9PM ET on 
gave 1% of his income to charity from 2000 through 2004 I guess he only likes spending our money. 
SOTU ratings were down 12% from 2011 He can't even deliver ratings in an election year. 
My interview discussing wanting me to run for POTUS, SOTU and his China policy 
My interview from earlier in the week discussing the GOP primary and electability 
Check out this great story from the 
#trumpvlog My thoughts on the State of the Union address, Apple, and a great article.... 
Last night in his SOTU, claimed that he is a friend of Israel. Does anyone really believe that. 
Keystone pipeline would create 20,000 direct jobs, another 50,000 jobs servicing the pipeline. 700,000 barrels a (cont) 
After Solyndra, is stil intent on wasting our tax dollars on unproven technologies and risky companies. He must be accountable. 
Notice how failed to mention ObamaCare last night in his SOTU. Even he knows it is terrible. 
"For a president who likes to showcase how hip and tech savvy he is, Obama also appears surprisingly clueless (cont) 
Tom Brokaw keeps calling Mitt Romney "George" (Mitt's father). Sadly, time is up for Tom. 
"All raising taxes on businesses does is force business owners to lay off employees they can no longer afford." (cont) 
"People are smart. They know you can't be "for" jobs but against those who create them. It doesn't work." (cont) 
All I heard in the SOTU was proposals for more govt, more spending and more bureaucrats. Very bad! 
My daughter Ivanka thinks I should run for President. Maybe I should listen. 
http://t.co/QW78vJja 
It is a shame Keystone wasn't powered by solar panels and wind because then would have wasted billions on it. 
A gallon of gas has more than doubled while has been POTUS and he still won't approve Keystone. 
It has been 1,000 days since has passed a budget. He continues to spend this country into the ground without any control. 
Tonight in his SOTU, won't talk about Keystone. He will continue to dissemble about his record and play class warfare. 
"Capitalism requires capital. When government robs capital from investors, it takes away the money that creates (cont) 
"Look, here's the deal: has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and (cont) 
Obama wants Americans to keep buying crude from OPEC who is ripping us off instead of our ally Canada through (cont) 
Iran is threatening to shut the Strait of Hormuz and won't approve the Keystone pipeline. His energy policy makes America weak. 
A tough week was had by@MittRomney, but he's come back from adversity before. 
"To the administration, saving money isn't the point--expanding government and spending more (cont) 
"I have great respect for the people that represent China. What I don't respect is the way that we negotiate and (cont) 
"While Obama is obsessed with "green collar jobs," blue collar workers aren't buying it." (cont) 
My interview from Friday where I predicted that in South Carolina would change the race.http://bit.ly/xoFMs6 
Congratulations to on a stunning win in South Carolina. All eyes are on Florida now. 
China has hacked another US government body. will we learn? 
Canada will now sell its oil to China because rejected Keystone. At least China knows a good deal when they see it. 
Obama's new campaign ad defends Solyndra I guess losing $500M is a cause for celebration for 
The White House should stop publicly pressuring Israel on Iran. Iran's nuclear program is the threat, not Israel's right to self-defense. 
"In all my years in business and participating in politics I've never seen the country as divided as it is right (cont) 
"We have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy." #TimeToGetTough (cont) 
The law requires individuals pay 15% on carried interest. Why would a potential President pay more than he or she is supposed to? 
The national debt continues to rise at record levels and today is in Disney World. He lives in a fantasy. 
When will release his transcripts? What is he hiding? 
Playing politics with the Keystone decision? vetos 20,000 jobs and cheaper oil. 
Texas is lucky to have him--- is a great guy! 
""Our country has a big heart. And it's a point of national pride that we take care of our own." #TimeToGetTough (cont) 
Conservatives have to be smart in the way we speak. Using crazy language that terifies seniors accomplishes (cont) 
"A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off. We've done it before." #TimeToGetTough 
Rick Perry--a good man, a great family and a patriot. 
My with discussing the Keystone pipeline, Re-election is more important than 20,000 jobs and (cont) 
Listen to my interview with tonight at 10PM ET on 
is unveiling a tourism plan in Disney World on Thursday. 
Receiving Lifetime Achievement Award & chairing debut on Jan.19 
I bought Tim Tebow's jersey and helmet at auction for a good cause- fighting breast cancer 
Rosie O'Donnell's show is "dead"- can't keep going for long with such poor ratings. is a stone cold (cont) 
#trumpvlog The Republicans must defeat not themselves..... 
Newly released documents show Geithner to be laughing as the financial crisis loomed 
The Republicans should NOT give the authority to raise the debt another $1.2Trillion (cont) 
While is slashing the military, he is also negotiating with our sworn enemy the Taliban--who facilitated 9/11. 
"For too long we've been pushed around, used by other countries, and ill-served by politicians in Washington who (cont) 
"The American work ethic is what led generations of Americans to create our once prosperous nation." (cont) 
"I love America. And when you love something you protect it passionately--fiercely, even. #TimeToGetTough (cont) 
Our Marines are sent to kill the Taliban not coddle them. USMC should be praised not investigated. Semper Fi ! 
Newt attacks on record at Bain an attack on free enterprise and entrepreneurship. Mistake! 
An Iranian nuclear scientist's car exploded in Tehran yesterday--lots of problems to come--@BarackObama --we need real leadership. 
The US is always getting ripped off! China gets cheap oil from Iran and Iraq as US pays for Hormuz Patrols to (cont) 
With unempoyment over 10% in 2009, held an extravagant Alice in Wonderland party. He is a man of the people! 
America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our (cont) 
If you stop by Trump Tower (Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets) you can buy a pre-signed copy of #TimeToGetTough. 
51% of NH voters are satisfied with as president So is 
"A real president should take pride in saving and spending your money wisely, not funneling it to his cronies (cont) 
"President Reagan had it right: Social Security is here to stay. We must root out the fraud and make it more (cont) 
OPEC has just raised oil to over $102/Barrel. And still won't approve the Keystone Pipeline. Does he want high gas prices? 
Why are we building a $1Billion embassy in Iraq when the country kicked us out, didn't give us any oil & is about to get taken over by Iran? 
3 Chief of Staffs in less than 3 years of being President: Part of the reason why can't manage to pass his agenda. 
New Hampshire has a major decision to make today. Hopefully we won't have to hear any more Mandarin spoken in future debates. 
This is why is a winner. He lays everything out on the field. He never quits and never gives up. That's why he is a success. 
"The damage that Democrats, weak Repubicans, and this disaster of a president have inflicted on America has put (cont) 
"We need a president who knows how to get things done, who can keep America strong, safe, and free, and who can (cont) 
"Restoring American wealth will require that we get tough. The next president must understand that America's (cont) 
My interview with where I discuss my potential GOP endorsement and the NH primary 
ObamaCare is such a national treasure that has waived over 1,200 companies from the law 
Why do you need a photo ID to buy a drain cleaner not to vote? 
Priorities: wants to slash a Trillion dollars from military spending while raising the salaries of (cont) 
??? held a raffle with donors for a lunch in the White House. The winners were conveniently all (cont) 
"Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, Obama has been a total disaster." #TimeToGetTough 
"Instead of creating new jobs, Obamacare is destroying jobs. And the worst part is yet to come, since the truly (cont) 
My interview from this morning 
"Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does, it slows growth and kills jobs." #TimeToGetTough 
Be sure to watch my interview on tonight! 
AMAZING - has actually found a government program he can cut in half - the Defense Department...bad (cont) 
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery - "Huntsman goes Donald Trump" 
Now is planning to have we the taxpayers pay off mortgages--he will spend this country into the ground. 
"Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take decisive action." #TimeToGetTough 
"If other countries benefit from our armed forces protecting them, those countries should pay for the protection." #TimeToGetTough 
"People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks, too many of them don't." #TimeToGetTough 
President vacation is costing taxpayers millions of dollars----Unbelievable! 
China is driving the price of gold up in order to ease pressure against Iranian sanctions. 
The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice begins Feb. 12--be prepared for the best season yet! 
"If Americans understood just how many hidden government fees and taxes are absorbed into the prices of the (cont) 
"Beyond simple justice, and beyond reducing our national debt, another advanage of taking the oil is that it (cont) 
"Obama's plan to have Russia stand up to Iran was a horrible failure that turned America into a laughingstock." #TimeToGetTough 
My interview where I reveal the new cast of Celebrity Apprentice and discuss the GOP primary field 
Iran has warned the US not to send an aircraft carrier back into the Strait of Hormuz. We should send three as a (cont) 
Michelle Obama likes to be addressed as "Your Excellency."
http://t.co/IfFqchF7 She is an excellent spender of taxpayer money on herself. 
"Nobody cares" about the Iowa straw poll is what said yesterday. His problem is that nobody cares about his campaign (or him). 
Celebrity Apprentice continues to be a top ten trend on twitter this morning 
Michele Bachmann just dropped out of prez race--- when she didn't do the Newsmax debate it showed great disloyalty and people rejected her. 
We left Iraq and it is quickly falling apart--what a waste of lives and money--and so obvious. 
"If history teaches us anything, it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national (cont) 
"I have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our Armed Forces." #TimeToGetTough 
"Under President China has experienced unusually fast gains and America unusually fast losses." #TimeToGetTough 
He should be ignored: foreign policy is a dream come true for our enemies. He has zero chance to beat 
Michele Bachmann got less than 1,200 more votes in the Caucus than she did in the Ames Straw Poll. Very sad for her--a nice woman! 
Congratulations to for coming out of Iowa a winner! 
Another investment triumph--the $500Billion American funded Finnish plug in cars are all being recalled 
I am honored that Texas supporters have filed papers in Texas to create "Make America Great" Party on my behalf. 
He knows he won't have to spend much: has offered to match any donation dollar for dollar. 
A good friend: More importantly she is a tremendous voice for policies that would put America on (cont) 
Michele Bachmann will finish dead last tonight in Iowa because she is disloyal and a terrible boss. Sadly, it is over for Michele. 
"To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system" #TimeToGetTough 
"The Wall Street Journal has reported that Obama's food stamp policies are ushering in a massive 'food stamp crime wave.'" #TimeToGet Tough 
"The Democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax, tax, tax. Just one problem: it doesn't work" #TimeToGetTough 
I will be on the tomorrow morning to make a major announcement about a television show. Stay tuned! 
My interview with discussing the GOP primary, my 2012 options and why must lose 
My interview discussing the "Make America Great Again" Texas filing and the Iowa caucus 
The Washington Establishment will never rein in government spending, waste, fraud and abuse. A great thinker and outsider is needed. 
When will the US government finally classify China as a currency manipulator? China is robbing us blind and defends them. 
I play golf to relax. My company is in great shape. plays golf to escape work while America goes down the drain. 
NYC should hold a parade for returning Iraq and Afghanistan veterans. 
I like Russell Brand, but Katy Perry made a big mistake when she married him. Let's see if I'm right---I hope not. 
America wasted billions and precious lives in Iraq and Iran will soon take control--very very sad. 
I'm right, TPM is wrong - did not issue a special statement for Christmas--however he issued one (cont) 
The Mar-a-Lago Club has the best meatloaf in America. Tasty. 
I predicted the 9/11 attack on America in my book "The America We Deserve" and the collapse of Iraq in 
Americans Elect on track to put an Indy Presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states. 
He is destroying our country:@BarackObama has requested to raise our debt limit to over $16.4Trillion by the end (cont) 
"It's important that we help poor people to become independent, self-sufficient individuals who gain the benefits of work." #TimeToGetTough 
China has 5 oil projects in Iraq and we didn't get anything from the Iraqis except asked to leave. Iraq is going (cont) 
The Fed's reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come. The Fed has to be reined in or we will soon be Greece. 
What a convenient mistake: issued a statement for Kwanza but failed to issue one for Christmas. 
tops 500 Best Hotels in the World! Congrats 
China is expanding its military bases abroad. We must expand our naval fleet. Now is no time for defense cuts. (cont) 
China hacked the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and now has the information of all 3 million members. China keeps (cont) 
The Keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and lower gas prices. But Obama says No. Dumb. 
Govt. collapsing in Iraq only 2 weeks after withdrawal of our troops. Sadly, I called this one and please remember, I alone called it. 
The habitual vacationer, is now in Hawaii. This vacation is costing taxpayers $4 milion +++ while there is 20% unemployment. 
In order to preserve my options and guarantee that is defeated, I changed my voter registration to independent. 
The Keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the Middle East. says No! 
The safest way to preserve Medicare is with a robust and vibrant economy. We should lower corporate and capital gain taxes immediately. 
A week after Biden says that the Taliban is not our enemy, the Taliban demand that we pay Iraq for a 9 year occupation. 
Even if stays in DC, taxpayers will pay millions for his Hawaii vacation when Americans are struggling 
My new book #TimeToGetTough is the best present of the holiday season. A great gift for anyone who cares about this country. 
My interview with discussing how is delusional and how a 3rd party candidate can win. 
Barney Frank looked disgusting--nipples protruding--in his blue shirt before Congress. Very very disrespectful. 
Congratulations to for winning a spot on the California 2012 ballot. A major feat! 
He is delusional: believes that he is the 4th best POTUS ever. 
The WH yesterday defended Biden's comments that the Taliban aren't our enemy. When did the American people decide this? 
"Obamacare has to be killed now before it grows into an even bigger mess, as it inevitably will." #TimeToGetTough 
"The sad truth is some Republicans in Congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation." #TimeToGetTough 
I really enjoyed last night's Tele-Town Hall with Faith and Freedom Coalition. Thanks to the thousands who joined. 
I still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from Iraq. 
My interview with discussing #TimeToGetTough, my 2012 plans and Iraq 
For last minute shopping, my new book #TimeToGetTough is a great choice...http://amzn.to/sNqlFH 
The average family has spent $4,155 this year filling up the car on $3.50/gallon average. Both record highs. (cont) 
Tom "marbles in his mouth" Brokaw once thanked me for the great success of the Apprentice for NBC. Now, he calls (cont) 
Joe Biden said that the Taliban 'is not our enemy.' I wonder how our troops in Afghanistant that are under attack view Biden's statement. 
What a shock! The U.S. Capitol Christmas tree pays homage but failed to mention Jesus. 
He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the gov't. doesn't respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us. 
"He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the government--@BarackObama doesn't respect the fact that the (cont) 
"People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks, too many of them don't." #TimeToGetTough 
"When are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies?" #TimeToGetTough 
A great gift idea is my new book #TimeToGetTough, easy to order on Amazon 
We're all proud of for being on 30 Under 30 list. 
"It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone."
#TimeToGetTough 
"We need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth, savings, and investment." #TimeToGetTough 
China taxing imports from the US --22%-- why aren't we taxing China? 
Dummies left Iraq without the oil--not believable! 
Iraq in political turmoil one day after we leave---I told you so. 
Congratulations to my son Eric for making the Forbes 30 under 30 list. He's done a great job! 
Barney Frank admited that ObamaCare does have 'death panels' yesterday. Obamacare must be fully repealed or healthcare will be destroyed. 
With a record deficit and $15 trillion in debt, is spending $4 million of our money on his Hawaii vacation. Just plain wrong. 
My interview with Andy Dean on I told him what I really thought about the debate. 
I'll be on with Andy Dean at 6:30 ET today talking about last night's debate. 
OPEC is setting crude at $94/barrel on 'signs US economy is improving.' OPEC uses any excuse to rip us off and our leaders just watch. 
China just put a tariff on US cars and trucks--22%--China is laughing at our inept leaders. 
The lightweight, used my name in a debate for gravitas--it didn't work. Sad! 
A total lightweight: continues to give the worst responses on China in the debates. I can see why (cont) 
Great piece - '@DonaldJTrumpJr: What I've Learned' 
My interview with in her special 'Most Fascinating People of 2011' 
But maybe my biggest beef with Obama is his view that there's nothing special or exceptional about America. #TimeToGetTough 
Your civil liberties mean nothing if you're dead. That's why the single most important function of the federal (cont) 
"I believe this book will rock a lot of people. Don't just read #TImeToGetTough but share it with your friends and family!" -RushLimbaugh 
Thanks to everyone who has waited in the long lines at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. It is great to meet fellow patriots. 
So biased: made 'The Protester' as the person of the year. celebrates OWS but vilified the Tea Party last year. 
This is what thinks: that America would be better off if we acted more like European socialist (cont) 
If speeches and memoirs created jobs then would be Ronald Reagan. 
#trumpvlog China is laughing.... 
More people attend a rally than watch on all week. is very lonely. (cont) 
With the number of tweets sad sack has done, she has totally lost control of herself-- hopefully not a breakdown. 
#noratings will soon be off tv- bad ratings- he has a face made for radio. 
"Let me put this as plainly as I know how: Iran's nuclear program must be stopped--by any and all means necessary. Period." #TimeToGetTough 
It is great to meet fellow patriots at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. Can't wait to meet more today at Trump Tower from 12PM to 2PM 
The first book signing at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough was so popular that I'm doing another one today from noon to 2pm/Trump Tower 
Hope to see you tomorrow in Trump Tower (5th Ave betw 56 and 57) -- I'll be signing copies of my book #TimeToGetTough from noon until 2 pm 
The habitual vacationer, has sacrificed so much. He is delaying his 17 day Hawaii vacation a couple of hours. 
Iran is closing the Strait of Hormuz for a military exercise. Imagine what they will do with nukes?! 
The Mullahs laughed when "asked" Iran to return our drone--they will show it to China first. 
"We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers." #TimeToGetTough 
It has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my #TimeToGetTough book signings. Anyone who wants to be Prez should read! 
"So, if Iran is going to take over the oil, I say we take over the oil first by hammering out a cost-sharing plan with Iraq."#TimeToGetTough 
Read this about 
My interview with of discussing #TimeToGetTough, GOP primary and my 2012 options 
My interview with explaining that I am keeping all my options available for 2012 
Save your time and focus on your horrible ratings, and don't mention my name on talk shows anymore or you will get more of the same. 
#badratings you will never make it. You are not funny or talented. 
#badratings show failed at 8pm and is failing(even worse) at 10pm- not long for tv..... 
I feel sorry for Rosie 's new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being with true loser. 
My interview with discussing why I will not be moderating the Newsmax-@iontv debate 
Check out my new book "Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again" 
Thousands of e-mails from folks urging me to seek the Americans Elect Presidential nomination. 
#trumpvlog Same last name, same bad ratings- and 
He says he will spend $1 B to get re-elected: I can match him--preserving my options. 
I'll be signing copies of my new book tomorrow at Trump Tower (5th Avenue between 56 and 57) from noon to 2pm. 
Real unemployment is 20%. We must simplify the tax code and start making our own products again to bring our jobs back from overseas. 
#trumpvlog NY Area- Two book signings- Tonight and Thursday.... 
Who handed Iraq over to Iran yesterday? We have gotten nothing from the Iraqis-- we should have them pay us back with oil. 
#trumpvlog Why I cancelled the "great debate"..... 
Don't forget my book signing tonight at Costco on 1250 Old Country Road in Westbury, NY, from 6-8 pm. Hope to see you there. 
The Mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president,@BarackObama has "asked" for Iran to return the drone #TimeToGetTough 
Look, here's the deal: has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and destroyed jobs #TimeToGetTough 
We need a dealmaker in the White House, who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals. #TimeToGetTough. 
Tonight I will be signing copies of #TimeToGetTough in Westbury at Costco, 1250 Old Country Rd, from 6 pm to 8 pm 
sold out of #TimeToGetTough in the first week. More copies have been ordered for holidays. Don't worry. 
My interview on discussing #TimeToGetTough, the GOP primary and the Newsmax-@iontv debate(starts at 23:00) 
A clip from my interview discussing how Newsmax-@iontv debate is determining the GOP primary polls 
has accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 Presidents combined. He is simply out of control. 
Why did let Iran keep our drone? Now it is going straight to the Chinese. He should have taken it out. 
I was on a tele-townhall with and hosted her 4 times in Trump Tower yet she declined the Newsmax-@iontv debate. No loyalty. 
If these guys have any integrity they'd say no to MSNBC -- a network that few watch and is very negative. re debate. 
My FoxBusiness interview with Don Imus discussing #TimeToGetTough, the GOP primary and the Newsmax-@iontv debate 
My interview with discussing the 2012 election and the Newsmax-@iontv debate 
Excited that Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-iontv debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group. 
Why was the Hanukah celebration held in the White House two weeks early? wants to vacation in Hawaii in late December. Sad. 
Santorum calls Trump debate skippers "hypocrites" 
Rick Santorum making a strong point on the Newsmax-@iontv debate: 
Iowa Congressman has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate. He has been doing great work in the House. 
A great crowd at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough book signing! 
Excited that Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group. 
#TimeToGetTough The crowd at the book signing at Trump Tower in NYC right now... 
Yesterday I explained to on why doesn't deserve credit for killing Bin Laden 
My interview on with Jon Gambling discussing #TimeToGetTough, meeting and the 2012 election 
If the GOP Establishment really wants to defeat then they should read #TimeToGetTough. 
#TimeToGetTough presents bold solutions on taxes, national security, the debt, dealing with OPEC and China and defeating 
Looks like the line has started, be sure to join me for book signing, starting at 11am to 2 pm here in Trump Tower. 
Trump Tower is located at 725 Fifth Avenue, between 56th and 57th Streets... 
Be sure to stop by Trump Tower today -- I'll be signing copies of my new book "Time To Get Tough" from 11 am to 2 pm. 
I'll be signing copies of my new book "Time To Get Tough" today at Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there. #TimeToGetTough 
I'll be signing copies of my new book "Time To Get Tough" tomorrow in Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there. 
"Newsmax is a great news org and and its pres debate in IA on 12-27 will be fair, balanced , and informative." 
Newsmax is a great news organization and its pres debate in IA on Dec 27 will be fair, balanced and informative. 
Why does continue to defend radical Islam? He is calling the Ft. Hood massacre "workplace violence." 
You know what is the worst part of Tuesday speech playing class warfare--we paid for it with our tax dollars. 
Jeffrey Lord, former Reagan adviser, has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate with a great article 
Happy to have and the FFC's endorsement of the Newsmax-@iontv debate. FFC is a great organization. 
A clip of my upcoming interview with discussing #TimeToGetTough, and the Islamist winter 
My interview with discussing the Newsmax-@iontv debate, #TimeToGetTough, the GOP and the economy 
Excited to have endorsement of the Newsmax-@iontv debate. Sarah is terrific. 
My interview with discussing the Newsmax-@iontv debate, #TimeToGetTough and the 2012 race 
My interview with & discussing the Newsmax-@iontv debate and #TimeToGetTough 
My interview duscussing my meeting with the Newsmax-@iontv debate and #TimeToGetTough 
"The Architect" is directly responsible for losing both houses & becoming President. Ignore him. 
Why is the GOP establishment so threatened by the Newsmax - debate? More debate is always better. 
President Reagan put it best: "Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate, as far as possible, the need for its own existence." 
Forty -six million Americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line. #TimeToGetTough 
RT Trumps Warns of Obama Tipping Point that May Destroy America via 
First there was the Declaration of Independence, then there was the Constitution. Now there is #TimeToGetTough. Available today. 
Met at Trump Tower today. He's a big thinker. 
#TimeToGetTough: Making America #1 Again--my new book--available today. The book both China and OPEC do NOT want you to read. 
We are building China's wealth by buying all their products, even though we make better products in America. 
My new book tells some harsh truths and lays out some bold plans. Time for America to be #1 again. #TimeToGetTough 
Here's my message to America is a capitalistic country. Get over it and get on with it! #TimeToGetTough 
The new job figures don't include 315,000 people who have given up looking for jobs. 
He ruins the brand: doesn't belong on . As CM for Mondale in '84, you lost 49 states. Sad! 
If "The Art of the Deal" is a must read then #TimeToGetTough" is my opus. It is available Dec 5th! 
Meeting Former Speaker Newt Gingrich next week. On the Agenda---defeating 
The worst employee in today's #trumpvlog... 
The Fed continues to recklessly flood the market with dollars. This will eventually create record inflation. It has to stop. #TimeToGetTough 
He ruins the brand: doesn't belong on As CM for Mondale in '84, you lost 49 states. Sad! 
A special message to the staff of in celebration of the 2nd anniversary.... 
Fitch has downgraded our credit outlook to "negative." Why? failure to lead with the Super Committee. 
The unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth. We must start making our own products again. #TimeToGetTough. 
Newly released emails prove that scientists have manipulated data on global warming. The data is unreliable. 
#trumpvlog is very inconsiderate... 
America's trade deficit with China is one of our greatest national security threats. Time for Fair Trade. We must produce our own products. 
The banks were bailed out by us. They should start lending to private entrepreneurs. The banks are slowing American growth. 
My interview from yesterday 
In order to get elected, will start a war with Iran. 
Iran's continued public threats of annihilating are unacceptable. Iran's nuclear drive must be stopped. #TimeToGetTough 
The CBO has confirmed that stimulus "crowds out" private investment while not creating any jobs. 
Real unemployment is at over 21%. Businesses won't hire until is defeated in 2012. #TimeToGetTough 
Third quarter GDP was lowered to 2% . There won't be any economic recovery until is defeated. 
Why does support the radical Islamists in Egypt protests yet has such a high disregard for the Tea Party? 
Washington will continue to run record deficits into the election. We are borrowing at a rate of $1.40 from China. Truly unsustainable. 
Iran will soon take all of the oil in Iraq...and Iraq itself---Keep the oil. 
The failure of the "Super Committee" shows Washington has truly incompetent leaders. #TimeToGetTough 
ObamaCare does indeed ration care. Seniors are now restricted to "comfort care" instead of brain surgery. Repeal now! 
American sanctions alone cannot stop Iran's nuclear drive--and cannot get China and Russia to agree on new Iranian sanctions. 
In my new book #TimeToGetTough I make a full financial disclosure detailing my net worth. 
Congratulations to and --all listed #1 on World's Best Business Hotels 
I dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them. "Time is money"---The Art of the Deal. 
Why are we giving China foreign aid? Couldn't the Super Committee have agreed to at least cut that outlay? #TimeToGetTough 
The habitual vacationer--@BarackObama--spent 9 days before the critical Super Committee deadline traveling. He failed to lead, again. 
As of September 30th, we have a record trade deficit with China of over $217Billion. They are ripping us off. #TimeToGetTough 
Yesterday actually spent a full day in Washington. He didn't campaign, fund raise or play golf. Shocking. 
My new book #TimeToGetTough -- out Dec 5th -- outlines how to make America rich again. Order now through Amazon 
Egypt is turning into a hot bed of radical Islam. The current protest is another coup attempt. We should never have abandoned Mubarak. 
The House's failure to pass the Balance Budget Amendment was another unforced error by the GOP. Very disappointing. 
When the Super Committee fails, will get exactly what he really wants--automatic cuts in defense spending. This is his plan. 
If wanted the "Super Committee" to succeed, he would have lead. Instead he has been campaigning. Where is the leadership? 
China's economy is now projected to overtake the US as the world's largest economy by 2027 #TimeToGetTough 
The Super Committee is finding ways to raise all our taxes without admitting it. The Republicans made a big mistake agreeing to this deal. 
ObamaCare is one of the greatest threats our country faces. It is unsustainable and will lead America into complete insolvency. 
Why is delaying the sale of F-16 aircraft to Taiwan? Wrong message to send to China. #TimeToGetTough 
Washington is simply incapable of any moderation because is such an extreme leftist. He must be defeated. #TImeToGetTough. 
Made in America? called his 'birthplace' Hawaii "here in Asia." 
Regardless of the USC's ruling, ObamaCare can only be defeated politically. It must be legislatively repealed or America will go bankrupt. 
China is complaining about 2,500 marines being placed in Australia. Meanwhile they are building bases across Latin America. #TimeToGetTough 
The stimulus "is a net negative effect on the growth of GDP over 10 years" --as admitted by own CBO 
faces an existential threat in Iran's nuclear drive. Unfortunately is no friend of Israel. 
Crude has skyrocketed since delayed the Keystone Pipeline. Not only are 20,000 jobs gone, but family budgets are tightening. 
The Federal government has increased its employment by 12% since 2007. We need to stop replacing retired workers unless position is needed. 
In the span of two months the habitual vacationer, has called America "soft" and lazy." He loves to criticize America. 
My new book, Time To Get Tough, comes out on December 5th. Pre-order on Amazon.com. It's the best book I've ever written. 
Waterboarding KSM gave us the intelligence that lead to Bin Laden. 
Reporter should resign---- 
has increased the EPA budget by over 150%. The EPA is an impediment to both growth and jobs. It sends jobs overseas. 
My interview yesterday with discussing the failure of the Super Committee and GOP 2012.... 
has already added $5 Trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years. We must defeat him in 2012. #TimeToGetTough 
Fewer Americans are now insured through their employers due to higher premiums. Obamacare must be fully repealed. 
the habitual vacationer, called America "lazy" this past weekend while in Hawaii. 
Watch What's America Worth?, hosted and narrated by me, this Sunday at 9PM on 
made a campaign decision on delaying the Keystone Pipeline to 2013.The pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs. 
October has a 7% foreclosure increase last month. Is this economic recovery? 
2012 is the most important election of my lifetime. must be defeated. 
To the brave men and women, past and present, in our armed services- best wishes on Veterans Day. 
The Arab Spring has turned into the Islamist Winter. Our ally is in a perilous position. We must stand behind 
My interview with discussing mistreatment of Israel and GOP 2012. 
My thoughts on Joe Paterno and political analysts in today's #trumpvlog... 
The death tax should be abolished -- the Government is simply taxing you twice. It is also a job killer. 
The Debate, mic, and my Endorsement in today's #trumpvlog--- 
Solyndra's government loan and subsequent bankruptcy prove that is both corrupt and inept. 
The Fed should not bail out the EU. Europe's financial mess is their problem, not our problem! 
Herman Cain handled the pressure of the debate really well. 
Rick Perry is a good guy who had a really tough evening. 
Mitt Romney did great in the debate last night. 
The Fannie and Freddie execs should not get million dollar bonuses with our tax dollars. They were bailed out with $169B of our money. 
He is out of real solutions--@BarackObama's job bill is nothing more than a tax increase. 
The will fail. The Republicans never should have agreed to the debt deal. 
Instead of trash talking on the world stage, should be defending 
America should not be pressuring to show restraint against Iran. We should be working to stop Iran's nuclear drive. 
Some protesters are sincere people frustrated with the system--others just in for the party. 
Our deficits are caused by runaway spending, not inadequate taxing. Washington does not have a revenue problem. 
The Federal government spent over $3.7 trillion last year. This is unsustainable and a true danger. The American dream is being destroyed. 
#timetogettough The White House Correspondents' Dinner in my new book "Time To Get Tough".....watch the #trumpvlog--- 
A record high 6.7% of Americans are living in extreme poverty. This is tragic. We can do better. 
Reporter is one boring and low vision guy! 
China 'scorns' US cyber espionage charges--China does not respect us and feels Obama is a "dummy" 
See what I have to say about the Occupy Wall Street protestors in today's #trumpvlog.... 
Iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. We can't allow Iran to go nuclear. 
Malfeasance at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac helped cause our current financial meltdown. 
My interview on discussing the economy and "Witch Hunt" 
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m. 
The Oil Companies collude with OPEC to keep oil artificially overvalued. They need to be reigned in. 
The greatest threat to our security is our debt. It is already past 100% GDP. We need to make real budget cuts. 
The economy won't fully recover until is fully repealed. It is a job killer! 
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood just made its first visit to Hamas-led Gaza. Why did promote the "Arab Spring"? 
Why is letting the Taliban know when our troops are leaving? This is dangerous for our soldiers. 
The must cut spending, not raise taxes. Washington has a spending problem, not a revenue problem. 
Another company that the DOE has given money to just filed for bankruptcy. This is how the money we borrow at 40% from China is wasted. 
Is Jon Stewart a racist? See video that includes clip... #thedailyshow 
The Republicans never should have agreed to this past summer's debt deal. Military cuts will now come along with tax increases. 
THe Chinese military is already hacking our satellites The Chinese government is not an American ally. 
It snowed over 4 inches this past weekend in New York City. It is still October. So much for Global Warming. 
The Al Qaeda flag is now flying over Benghazi. spent over $3Billion of our money for this? 
Is Jon Stewart a racist? See video--- 
Bernie Madoff and Tony La Russa in today's #trumpvlog... 
Our economy cannot stay competitive with policies like these: is proposing over $90 Billion in new regulations. 
ObamaCare contains marriage penalty taxes. Why should married couples be penalized for having healthcare? 
My interview from last night with discussing OWS 
My interview yesterday with discussing Europe's debt deal and the GOP primary 
The US Air Force won the war in Libya to clear the way for Islamic Extremist control of Libya. 
Our worst threat to unemployment is It will also destroy our country's basic standards. 
When will our nation's sacrifices be respectfully appreciated? Iraq and Libya should reimburse us in oil. 
The Debt is our nation's greatest threat. is out of touch. 
Watch me tonight at 9PM ET on full hour. won before taking over Larry King's slot- should be interesting. 
Why aren't we getting any oil from Iraq before we leave? We are leaving the country wide open for Iran. Big mistake. 
When will Washington stand up to China. China is manipulating its currency and stealing our jobs. Washington should move on legislation. 
I am happy to see the majority of the GOP candidates agree with me that the tax code must be simplified and the rates dropped. 
My interview last night with 
Read this about 
I heard, because his show is unwatchable, that has made many false statements last night about me. Maybe I should sue him? 
THe 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime. We must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll back damage. 
Stop calling my office to do your show, I have more important things to do with my time--- nobody's watching you! 
Please only respond by tweet because like everyone else, I don't watch your show. 
Does ever work? He is constantly campaigning and fundraising--on both the taxpayer's dime and time---not fair! 
Libya is adopting a more radical form of Sharia Law now under their new leadership. Is this what wanted? 
So much for creating American jobs--@BarackObama gave $529 Million to a "Green" car company---so they can be manufactured in Finland. 
The job plan by is nothing more than a second stimulus. The first failed and so will this one. 
See what I have to say about Iran and Iraq in today's #trumpvlog... 
We are leaving Iraq after expending a tremendous amount of blood and treasure. We should be reimbursed with oil! -- Don't give it to Iran. 
The Dollar is at an all-time WWII low against the Yen. The Fed's recklessness is going to lead to record inflation. 
Why do we continue to sit idly by while China steals our national security and corporate secrets? China is an enemy, not a friend. 
The Misery Index is at a 28 year high. 
Why did liberate Libya and do nothing for the Iranian protestors? Iran is a threat to our national security. 
A simplified tax code will help promote growth in the private sector. 
Why did we spend billions of our money on Libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? What do we get out of this? 
Why is crude oil priced at $86/Barrel? OPEC is ripping us off. Not worth $30/Barrel. America needs new leaders. 
My thoughts on Gadhafi's death, and the misery index... #trumpvlog 
The OWS protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99%. Time for them to go home! 
claims that all his choices were "the right ones." I am sure the 20% of Americans who are unemployed disagree. 
Bob Beckel, a commentator for FOX is bad for the brand: is close to incompetent. 
"Sometimes understanding other people's problems is the key to finding opportunities." -- Midas Touch w/@atheRealKiyosaki 
We must stop outsourcing our jobs overseas and end our multi-billion dollar trade deficits. 
My beautiful wife Melania will be appearing on QVC this evening from 8 to 9 pm. 
Both and China have embraced OWS. All want the decline of America. Time for the protesters to go home. 
My thoughts on campaign.... 
My interview last night on discussing OWS and incompetent leadership. 
Our country is blowing up and is out campaigning. 
"Everyone makes mistakes, but it's what you do with them and what you learn from them that matters." -- Midas Touch 
Iraq's government is treating us like fools. We should demand their oil. 
If ObamaCare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth, long term unemployment and record high premiums. 
Now China is publicly supporting the OWS protests It's time for the protesters to go home. 
Iran was planning to attack the Israeli and Saudi DC embassies. We should respond accordingly. The diplomatic window is closed. 
is holding Taiwan's request for 66 advanced F-16's. Wrong message to send to China. 
It is time for Iran to face serious consequences. This regime is a threat to our national security. 
Late last Friday announced his 2011 budget deficit was $1.299 trillion -- the second largest in US history. 
Stop "The China Curse" --- Pass the China Currency Bill! 
Happy to have passed 800,000 followers. Looking forward to passing 1M sooner than later. 
Why is always campaigning or on vacation? 
My new book Midas Touch in stores now.... #trumpvlog 
China's military buildup is a major threat to the Free World. We must remain resolute and maintain our national defense at all costs. 
Be sure to watch my wonderful wife Melania Trump tonight on at 1AM EST 
More questions answered... #trumpvlog 
Check out the #trumpvlog to see the answers to your questions... 
If the Wall Street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting at the White House. 
Stop "The China Curse" -- Pass the Chinese Currency Bill! 
My interview on discussing "The China Curse" 
Tweet me your questions to answer. #trumpvlog 
Tune in tonight to Greta van Susteren's show, On the Record, which airs on Fox News at 9 p.m. 
Mitt Romney is right about the Chinese rip-off of America. 
The debate was very interesting last night. There were numerous winners and Governor Romney did very well. 
When will release an actual budget? 
I don't want to be the only billionaire in America---I want all Americans to be rich. 
If the Prez wants to create jobs talk to some business people---not liberal intellectuals. 
The only way to spread economic growth is to lower taxes and end unfriendly regulatory practices. 
The Fed's reckless monetary policy is going to create record inflation. 
New study shows 80% of Congress have no business experience--it shows! 
A guy named on FOX, their resident liberal, was not born with much of a brain. 
I have traveled the world. America is the most beautiful country on Earth. 
The only job cares about is his own. Everything he does is for his own reelection. 
When will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding Afghanistan? We must rebuild our country first. 
The GOP primary schedule is a disaster. Not enough time. 
is trying to pass another stimulus after the first was a complete failure. Does he really believe we are that stupid? 
Why is the UN condemning and doing nothing about Syria? What a disgrace. 
In order to save Medicare and stop record premium increases--we must repeal ObamaCare. 
Washington is wasting over $2 billion this year on Solyndra type loans. Yet they want to cut military spending. 
China is threatening Washington over the currency bill. We should pass it immediately. 
sold guns to the Mexican drug cartels. They were used in the murders of Americans . Where is the outrage? 
now says that he is an "underdog in 2012." America should be so lucky. We still need a solid candidate. 
Our national debt has grown by 30% and a gallon of gas has doubled so far under He is a disaster. 
The Democrats in the Super Committee want to raise taxes first in deficit talks. Huge mistake. Cut wasteful spending first. 
Great meeting with yesterday in Trump Tower. Great guy! 
Looking forward to visiting the Trump Vineyard Estates today in Charlottesville, VA, for a press conference and the grand opening. 
Great article in - "@DonaldJTrumpJr: the original apprentice" 
I was on CNN last night with 
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 p.m. on Fox News. 
It's about time Italy recognized the innocence of news! 
Looking forward to speaking at #sparknb next week in Atlantic Canada--my first time ever. 
cast is set---the best we've ever had. Shooting starts in 2 weeks---airs in February. 
has done nothing to help 
is innocent. Italian government should pay for this travesty. 
Sadly, Vanity Fair is a rapidly dying magazine. Needs new blood--and fast! Going the way of SPY Magazine. 
The unemployment numbers are tragic. We are letting the world take our jobs. It has to stop! 
said yesterday that we have "gone soft." How can the world respect us when our own President doesn't? 
How many more billions of dollars will continue to waste in these solar companies? 
Everyone should boycott Italy if Amanda Knox is not freed---she is totally innocent. 
called to set up a meeting. Haven't returned his call. 
is actually right for once: Biden: "Voters should blame Obama, not Bush, for economy." 
My interview yesterday with 
A simplified tax code would spur economic growth and help create jobs. Unfortunately, Washington is incapable of simplifying anything. 
The only way for Medicare and Social Security to remain solvent is if our economy is healthy. doesn't get it. 
The Iranians have just threatened to send warships to our coasts. They laugh at us. We can't allow them to develop nuclear weapons. 
The Fed's reckless policies of low interest and flooding the market with dollars needs to be stopped or we will face record inflation. 
China does not negotiate from a position of strength, we simply negotiate against ourselves. We have all the advantages but don't execute. 
My interview from yesterday discussing my recent meetings in Trump Tower and also 
Really bad ratings for Lawrence O'Donnell on MSNBC---O'Reilly is killing him! 
has zero chance of getting the nomination. Whoever said I wanted to meet him? Time is money and I don't waste mine. 
The Golf Invitational featuring a performance by was a great event. Enjoy the video.... 
When will present an actual budget? Enough with the games. 
"Sleepy" Chuck Todd of NBC falls far short of the late great Tim Russert. 
China is stealing our jobs. We need to demand China stop manipulating its currency and end its rampant corporate espionage. 
Great interview in of He makes me proud. 
ObamaCare must be completely repealed. A recent report from UBS shows that it is the number one reason employers are not hiring. 
My interview from yesterday with 
Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends. 
It seems had our tax dollars buy guns for Mexican drug lords that were used to kill Americans. We need answers now. 
A great interview of in the globeandmail on Trump Tower Toronto 
My interview with yesterday discussing by meeting with 
My interview from last night with discussing yesterday's meeting with 
My interview from yesterday with discussing the economy, my trip to Australia, (cont) 
Our country's debt crisis cannot be solved by tax increases. We must cut government spending. 
OPEC is ripping us off on oil. We are ripping ourselves off by investing in unproven green energy. #Solyndra 
I couldn't make the Faith and Freedom confab in Orlando so I sent a video... 
Government waste, fraud and abuse should be immediately addressed. This will help solve our deficit crisis both short and long term. 
is doing a great job on completing our new Trump Winery in Virginia. 
Jobs Plan sure looks like a Tax Increase Plan to me. 
Australia is a beautiful country with terrific people who love America. 
China is neither an ally or a friend--they want to beat us and own our country. 
Our next President must stop China's Rip-off of America. 
Rick Perry is right when he says we must stand by Israel in the UN. 
ObamaCare will destroy small business--the backbone of America's economy. 
"If you're going to think--think big" --- The Art of the Deal 
Sorry I will miss the CPAC gathering in Orlando--there in spirit--Obama must go. 
method of spending the stimulus -- "Obama fundraiser linked to loan program that aided Solyndra" 
I find it really hard to listen to speeches. He doesn't have a clue. 
It seems there is never a problem for which cannot find a reason for another speech and another tax. 
How will raising taxes create jobs? Washington is all out of answers. New leadership is needed. 
I am increasingly concerned with the UN's ploy against this coming week and will monitor all events closely from Australia. 
Watch my latest appearance on Squawk Box .... 
If China had a tenth of the natural resources we do then they would already be energy independent. Instead we continue to buy oil from OPEC. 
My thoughts on the Emmys in today's #trumpvlog.... 
"It doesn't cost any money to think bigger." -- The Art of the Deal 
job on Solyndra. You are some extremely skilled venture capitalist. Stick to the memoirs and speeches. 
-- honored and excited to be listed on Thanks. BTW -- where are the jobs? Donald. 
I applaud for announcing that he will show up at the UN to defend A true US friend and great leader. 
We can create jobs in the American economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector. 
Can you imagine if had passed Cap and Trade?! Energy costs would be double from already record highs. 
The Solyndra Scandal--@BarackObama's $500Million photo op. He loves wasting our money. 
My interview last night on -- "On 2012: I'll Wait and See" 
Had dinner with last night---great guy, straight shooter, impressive record. 
Third Gun Linked to 'Fast and Furious' Identified at Border Agent's Murder Scene. When will the White House come clean? 
job bill contains the word 'Tax' over 330 times--that will sure work! 
My interview yesterday with where I discuss Dick Cheney and China 
Bob Turner--great guy, great businessman, will be a great Congressman. Was happy to help him win. 
I'm looking forward to seeing you all this afternoon at Macy's Herald Square. 5:30 pm at the Crystal department on 8. 
will hear loud and clear today the message NY-9 is sending by electing -- is our friend and ally. 
I'm very proud of my new crystal collection. Here's a sneak peak of my favorite collection Elmsford (cont) 
The White House is continuing to be openly uncooperative with the Fast and Furious investigation. American lives were lost. We need answers. 
How can the economy ever recover when keeps threatening the private sector with more taxes. This is no way to spur growth. 
I'm urging my friends in Brooklyn to vote for Bob Turner tomorrow--send a message. 
Friends in NY-9, let know that you don't approve of his mistreatment of Vote for tomorrow! 
My thoughts on in today's #trumpvlog.... 
Watch the 2011 #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 9PM on NBC... 
The World Economic Forum now ranks the US the fifth most competitive economy in the world. We have fallen from first under 
Want jobs? Slash corporate tax rate. Tax incentives for companies that create jobs in US. America will boom. 
stimulus will fail, just like the first. 
I watched POTUS speech from Europe---same old "tax and spend" won't create jobs. 
always makes me proud 
Why is the UN planning to attack sovereignty and ignore Iran's nuclear program? The US should look at future funding. 
China is happy to learn that plans to borrow another $300 Billion. is their favorite client. 
If only speeches could create jobs then wouldn't have such a dismal economic record. 
My interview yesterday with 
My interview with last night on 'Missed His Opportunity' 
America needs a tough negotiator---not a community organizer. 
Why was selling guns to Mexican drug dealers? 
A robust growing economy is how to fix Social Security and Medicare---not cuts on Seniors. 
US should have told Libya "Rebels" --- give us 50% of your oil for our military support. 
USA should take oil from Iraq in repayment for their liberation. 
trillion $ stimulus was supposed to create jobs -- instead it gave us more debt and higher unemployment. 
wishes speeches could create jobs. His job is costing America all of ours. 
Fast and Furious gun running goes all the way to the White House. We need answers now! 
Oil is double the price now compared to last year--OPEC is laughing at 
Fast and Furious put semi-automatics in the hands of Mexican drug lords that killed Americans - should answer all questions. 
Make no mistake---Fast and Furious goes ALL the way to the White House. 
is so inept that I think he simply made a mistake in originally scheduling the Joint Session on September 7th. Just sad. 
My interview with last night -- "Everything Obama Does is a 'Campaign Speech'" 
We must stand firm against the UN's ploy to sabotage Israel---if the UN grants the PA statehood then we must immediately defund it. 
I'll be on Greta Van Susteren's show tonight at 10 PM on FoxNews. Tune in. 
With gas prices rising and the economy failing, seeks to have his EPA raise energy prices by $109B 
Libya is being taken over by Islamic radicals---with open support. 
China's business interests reach far and wide---even domestically within our borders. We need to reassess our relationship. 
The new Libyan Government should turn over the Lockerbie bomber---now. 
ObamaCare must be fully repealed or it will destroy America's small businesses. 
If the UN unilaterally grants the Palestinians statehood, then the US should cut off all its funding. Actions have consequences. 
If the Palestinians want statehood then why are they run by the terrorist group Hamas? 
MUST release a budget before begins negotiations on a continuing appropriations resolution. 
Iran admits to aiding the Libyan "Rebels" and Ahmadinejad received a letter of thanks - when will Washington learn? 
Libyan Rebels should have given us 50% of the oil in return for our military support---we don't even ask! 
Hurricane Irene and Libya in today's #trumpvlog.... 
More and more Americans seem fed up with both Parties----I agree. 
There is no substitute for private sector experience. 
Why did and his family travel separately to Martha's Vineyard? They love to extravagantly spend on the taxpayers' dime. 
I'm very proud of the work my son has been doing with the take a look... 
America needs a President who can negotiate better deals for the American People. 
China's corporate espionage is a continued threat to the American economy. With the right leadership, it can be stopped. 
inherited $10.6 Trillion in National Debt---will leave after his first term with the Debt at over $17.6 Trillion. 
There usually is an easy solution to every problem. For instance, a lot of our country's problems can be solved in next year's election. 
We have spent over $1 Billion on the Libya operation. What are we getting back? 
As bad as Qaddafi was---what comes next in Libya will be worse---just watch. 
Let's not start celebrating over Libya until we see who takes over. 
We spent over a billion on Libya and lead the way---why is Europe getting the oil? 
has some serious ideas which deserve serious consideration. Wrong for media to ignore him. 
We don't need another stimulus. The first one was a complete failure. Why repeat the same mistake? 
Israel is being barraged by rockets from Gaza recently. They must respond accordingly in defense of their citizens. 
You can listen to my interview today with Jay Sekulow Live and the show here EST. 
Insurgents in Iraq show they can still mount horrifying attacks---US wastes trillions. 
Many people have been asking to see my plane, The Apprentice's will give you a tour... 
Karl Rove --lost GOP both Houses of Congress and the White House--gave us Obama. 
will enjoy today's #trumpvlog... 
Ron Paul is right when he says we are wasting lives and money in Iraq and Afghanistan. 
My interview with on Fox News for those who missed it - 'Obama's Constantly on Vacation' 
has a record low 39% Gallup approval rating. Why so high? 
My interview this morning on Good Morning America with George Stephanopoulos 
Amazing--Obama speaks, market goes DOWN---Trump tells CNBC he's buying stock---market goes UP --- should not be that way! 
China owes us money.... #trumpvlog 
A good example of how our country wastes money... #trumpvlog 
China is a threat to America. They are not our friend. 
Unemployment is plaguing both Black and Hispanic youths. Very troubling. 
My thoughts on the Republican Party in today's #trumpvlog... 
played golf yesterday. Now he heads to a 10 day vacation in Martha's Vineyard. Nice work ethic. 
Reporters say it's the Trump Bump---I tell CNBC I am buying stocks--- and the market goes up. 
Economic growth can save Social Security, Medicare and America. 
Mike Huckebee, a great guy, said the President should appoint me Treasury Secretary. China and OPEC would not be happy. 
Ron Paul is right that we are wasting trillions of dollars in Iraq and Afghanistan. 
Obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity. He believes in Government. 
It's easy to see why Americans are sick of career politicians and both parties. 
How will Mitt Romney defend his record on jobs and Romneycare in tonight's debate? 
Looking forward to the GOP debate and the outcome of the Ames straw poll. We must get a real leader. 
I was on CNBC this morning talking about the market and America's financial future 
My interview from yesterday with #Apprentice Andy on 
The Fed continues to flood the market with US dollars. Wrong move. 
Oil is starting to rise again despite the horrible times. OPEC continues to rip us off. Not worth $30. New leadership needed. 
Congress should get back to Washington, but doesn't want to interrupt his vacation in Martha's Vineyard. 
My interview yesterday on the S&P downgrade with Wolf Blitzer on CNN 
My interview with Greta last night on Fox News -- "Nation Has Become "All Talk, No Action' " 
He's hired! Listen to my #Apprentice Andy launch
his radio show with me tomorrow 6PM ET
http://t.co/xpz0oQa 
The S&P downgrade is a direct result of increased reckless budget spending and Obama Care. He owns this. 
Obama Care is already having a devastating impact on our economy. 
In today's #trumpvlog I answer your questions about what you should be doing in this uncertain economy... 
America's debt officially became 100% of our GDP on 50th birthday---coincidence? 
My interview last night with Greta on Fox News 
Thanks to Giovanni's Coal Fire Pizza of Florida for donating enough pizza to feed 750 Police Athletic League youngsters in NY this Friday. 
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren on her show, On the Record, tonight on Fox News in the 10 p.m. hour. 
Today's #trumpvlog answers your tweets about my thoughts on the Republican candidates... 
Morning Joe Panel is stealing many of my statements and ideas to better America without giving credit -- the story of my life! 
Republicans gave Obama a free pass to the White House -- they just don't get it. 
I believe America can be great only with proper leadership. 
Wake Up America -- China is eating our lunch. 
All those politicians in Washington and not one good negotiator. 
Why I would not have approved the deal... #trumpvlog 
No taxes the only good thing about DC Debt Deal. 
The more you learn about the debt deal, the worse it gets. 
Your questions about my desk answered in today's #trumpvlog... 
Republicans and Democrats have both created our economic problems. 
Why should we have any defense cuts in any deal? America must remain strong. 
This is the best deal the Republicans could get? 
Disappointed in GOP and Dems---Giving Obama power to raise the debt limit next year is a mistake. 
Ex-Presidential Pollster Pat Cadell says most voters sick of both parties and their failure. 
We need economic growth and jobs not blue ribbon panels to study the problem. 
No taxes in Boehner or Reid Plan----important victory for America. 
Watched Sean Hannity last night -- a great guy. 
If Obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses -- "Watch the fine details in every deal" -- The Art of the Deal 
Blue Ribbon Commission to find and agree to future spending cuts? Bad idea. 
"Never quit and always hit back" -- The Art of the Comeback 
I just got Mike Leach's new book, Swing Your Sword. He's a great coach, and he's written a great book. It's definitely worth reading. 
I appreciate the kind words of Mike Huckabee, a fine American 
has not released his own debt plan yet. He's totally lost, ineffective, desperate. GOP has its best chance to make a great deal 
My wife Melania Trump's show was a tremendous success last night. In case you missed her, you can see her again tonight on at 7 pm ET 
"The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it." --The Art of the Deal 
Please tweet me your questions to answer in my #trumpvlog. 
new ad criticizes Obama for his excessive spending and debt, borrowing from China. Didn't Bush do the same thing? 
My interview yesterday from Newsmax - "Obama Is 'Now Totally Lost,' Boehner Must Not Fold" 
People ask me every day to pose for pictures but the camera never works the first time--they are never prepared or maybe just very nervous! 
"Know when to walk away from the table." The Art of the Deal 
Watch my wife Melania Trump tonight on at 1 a.m. So proud of her! 
Higher Taxes kill job creation---cut wild government spending and waste. 
China has so much of our debt that they can't put us in default w/o killing themselves---US needs our toughest negotiator---and fast! 
America's debt is greater than our GDP. Time for new thinking. 
My interview from yesterday on Fox and Friends -- "GOP Crazy If They Don't Get Everything They Want" 
My thoughts on the situation in Norway and Amanda Knox... #trumpvlog 
Fiscal mismanagement of cash costing US Taxpayer billions---cut fraud and waste before cutting funding for Seniors. 
Obama, sadly, has no business or private sector background---and it shows. 
The pressure on the debt ceiling is on #trumpvlog 
The Answer to both Social Security and Medicare is a robust growing economy---not cuts on the elderly. 
We need a balanced budget Amendment because Congress has no fiscal discipline. 
Unfortunately@BarackObama's continued attack on the US $ will lead to ever rising gas prices at the pump and lots of other really bad things 
Ronald Kessler's new book "The Secrets of the FBI" is a great book that should be read by everyone. 
My interview on last night - "Our Leaders Are Leading Us Into 'Oblivion'" 
"The Gang of Six" - yet another unmitigated disaster. ANY DEAL NEEDS TO REPEAL OBAMACARE. T-E-A. 
"China is our enemy--they want to destroy us" -- Redstate Interview 
Obama is addicted to spending America into insolvency. His record proves it. 
Robust Economic growth is the answer to the Medicare Problem--not cuts on the elderly. 
While seeks to further destroy our credit, our economy continues to hemorrhage jobs. Such a total failure---as a President. 
"You can't con people...if you don't deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on." - The Art of the Deal 
So China is ordering us to raise the Debt Limit...How low have we as a nation sunk? 
The GOP doesn't waste an opportunity to waste an opportunity. Defunding Obamacare should be central to any deal. 
Every dollar spends costs $1.40 with interest borrowed from China on our children and grandchildren's backs. CUT-CAP-BALANCE! 
has sold guns to Mexican drug lords while his DOJ erodes our 2nd Amendment rights. 
#trumpvlog The Republicans must act now, don't let push you around.... 
Congratulations to my daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared on the birth of their daughter Arabella Rose yesterday. 
is right. We need to create more taxpayers, not more taxes. CUT, CAP AND BALANCE. 
You have increased discretionary spending by 25% annually and amassed over $4 trillion in debt. T-E-A 
Who will be the next Find out this Saturday at 8PM ET on missteenusa.com #TeenUSA 
What is better advice- "The Art of the Deal" or "Rules for Radicals"? I know which one prefers. 
CUT, CAP AND BALANCE. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY! 
Take a look at and to see these beautiful hotels. 
US News named the Top10 best hotels in the US--and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower NYC and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower Chicago are on the list! 
You have abandoned Israel and engaged the Muslim Brotherhood, and even the Arab world does not like it 
While tries to push gun control --He still has not answered for Project Gun Runner 
My interview last night with Greta on the GOP going El Foldo 
Debt Ceiling- "Sometimes no deal is better than a bad deal." 
More thoughts on the debt ceiling in today's #trumpvlog... 
"Donald Trump the Song" gets 16M hits on YouTube. Who wouldn't be flattered? 
"Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation." The Art of the Deal 
Mr. Speaker, bring the Balanced Budget Amendment to the floor for a vote! Let's get the ball rolling. 
On our YouTube channel- the opening of the incredible Trump Ocean Club in Panama.... 
Derek Jeter's baseball and more in today's #trumpvlog... 
House GOP wants to cut Medicare, Obama took $500 billion from Medicare for Obamacare. Both Wrong! 
ObamaCare Tragedy Primed to Further Explode the Deficit And transferred $500 billion from Medicare to fund it! 
- Iranian weapons killing Americans in Iraq? What are u doing about this? 
Message for House GOP "The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it." - The Art of the Deal. 
If only was as focused on balancing the budget as he is on weakening Israel's borders then America would be on the path to solvency. 
THe Art of the Deal--"The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have." CUT, CAP and BALANCE. 
Republicans should not negotiate against themselves again with in today's debt talks--First and foremost CUT,CAP and BALANCE. 
Congress is back.TIME TO CUT, CAP AND BALANCE.There is no revenue problem.The Debt Limit cannot be raised until Obama spending is contained. 
Perhaps this is the kind of thinking we need in Washington ... 
Tomorrow we'll be going to Panama for the opening of our new hotel. It's a fantastic building in a fantastic location. 
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day holiday weekend, a great celebration for a great country. 
Please read and watch a recent trip made to Trump Vineyard Estates by 
Did my weekly phoner on Fox & Friends this morning...sounding off on issues of the day ... 
I was in San Jose, CA on Saturday for a sit-down interview for the ACN national meeting which was attended by over 20,000 people. Huge! 
Our new Miss USA, Alyssa Campanella, came up to my office today for a visit. We're proud to have her as our new title holder. 
I've been visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland and the course will be unmatched anywhere in the world. Spectacular! 
Congratulations to the Miss USA Pageant--it was the #1 telecast of the night among ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox. A great show and a huge success. 
Congratulations to Alyssa Campanella, Miss California---our new MIss USA! 
Don't forget the Miss USA Pageant, live on Sunday night at 9 pm ET on NBC. And you can vote for your favorite beauty! 
Your most popular tweet answered, why I'm holding off on a Presidential bid... #trumpvlog 
My thoughts on Anthony Weiner in today's #trumpvlog... 
Check out my speech from last Friday as well as my appearance this morning on 
Tweet me your questions for the next #trumpvlog.... 
Watch my appearances on Good Day NY... and 
My thoughts on last night's meeting with in today's #trumpvlog... 
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day, and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country. 
and the 2011 contestants stopped by Trump Tower yesterday, watch the video... #MissUSA #VEGASusa11 
Congratulations to John Rich and to Marlee Matlin for a terrific job throughout the season. You are both great! 
My appearance on from today.... 
Get ready for some excitement--the live finale of the Celebrity Apprentice is on this Sunday night --don't miss it! 
Check out today's #trumpvlog about the upcoming episode of #celebrityapprenticefinale 
Vote for the next Miss USA... #VEGASusa11 #MissUSA 
This has been a very difficult decision regarding the Presidential run and I want to thank all my twitter fans for your fantastic support. 
NY Jets center, Nick Mangold, interns for Trump. Watch Trump's Fabulous World of Golf tonight 9PM ET on Golf Channel
http://bit.ly/fuRNsB 
A sneak peek at Sunday's episode of The Celebrity Apprentice... #trumpvlog 
Watch my appearance on 
is having a poll, cast your vote for me at 
Be sure to watch the Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday night, 9 pm on NBC. 
New The Next Generation videos 
My appearances on and 
Hopefully this answers your question... #trumpvlog 
Be sure to watch The Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC. It's an episode you'll want to see---and one you won't forget! 
Catch the second part of my interview with Bill O'Reilly tonight at 8pm on Fox News.... 
My thoughts on The O'Reilly Factor and more here... 
Watch my latest video blog.... 
Watch me tonight on The O'Reilly Factor at 8 pm and 11 pm EST, FOX News 
Watch me play both golf and baseball tonight on Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf 9PM ET on Golf Channel.. 
My latest Celebrity Apprentice video blog... 
My appearance on The View... and 
Check out my most recent interview with CNN... 
This is about the money I gave to charity--and in response to your comments about Gadhafi... 
My thoughts on the Geico ad and more in today's video blog.... 
I want to see people make lots of $$ and live better lives. I really think they can do that through TheTrumpNetwork 
Here are my thoughts on last night's episode of The Celebrity Apprentice... 
I spoke with Fox and Friends today watch here 
Don't forget the Celebrity Apprentice, Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC for another surprising and exciting episode 
The Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump last week was the #1 highest rated Comedy Central Roast ever...it brought in 3.5 milion viewers 
I'll be on with Larry Kudlow of the Kudlow Report tonight on CNBC at 7 p.m. We'll be discussing current affairs and politics. Tune in. 
Check out my interview on 
Catch me on Fox News right now, my interview with Neil Cavuto 
Hundreds of thousands of supporters have already gone to and joined the movement at shouldtrumprun.com 
Have you? 
Some of your most popular questions answered in today's video 
Keep talking about me: use #TrumpRoast to tweet about how good I look on tonight at 10:30/9:30c 
Check out the Trump Fabulous World of Golf site to meet the Fazio family---master golf course designers....http://bit.ly/gi3q3E 
Hey cummings you call yourselves comedians? #TrumpRoast tonight 10:30/9:30c on 
Hey Oh, I'm real scared. #TrumpRoast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30 on Central. 
Watch as I humiliate a dais full of "talent." #TrumpRoast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30c on Comedy Central 
Tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video.... 
My thoughts on last night's Celebrity Apprentice as well as my latest video blog at 
Don't forget to tune in to the Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night, 9 pm on NBC. The fireworks continue....http://bit.ly/dWjzfS 
I will be developing the two tallest towers in the Republic of Georgia. 
More of your questions answered in today's video at here is my appearance on Neil Cavuto 
My thoughts on last night's Celebrity Apprentice also an observation I made recently 
Mark it on your calendar: Comedy Central Roast, March 15th at 10:30 pm, for the Roast of Trump 
Watch You've Got Donald Trump at 
I appeared on David Letterman last night. And don't forget Sunday night---the first episode of Celebrity Apprentice will be on NBC at 9 pm. 
I answered some of your questions in today's video... 
Check out today's video blog 
I want to answer more of your questions, tweet me..... 
ALso coming up: The Celebrity Apprentice returns. Sunday night March 6 at 9 pm EST 
Coming up in March: The "Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump." March 15, mark your calendars. 
I answered your questions in today's video... watch at 
Check out today's From The Desk Of Donald Trump at I'm willing to answer your questions, tweet me.... 
Check out my interview from MSNBC at 
Watch the latest From The Desk Of Donald Trump at and read this article 
I was speaking with Don Imus this morning.... 
THe Westminster Dog Show asked if I'd be interested in meeting Hickory, a Scottish Deerhound, who won Best in Show. She came to visit today! 
From The Desk Of Donald Trump- two new videos up at and 
Check out ShouldTrumpRun....http://shouldtrumprun.com/ 
FoxNewsInsider with comments on my speech at CPAC in Washington, DC 
I was on CNN yesterday.....http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBp8N8706qA 
Watch my speech at CPAC in Washington DC yesterday ...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PR1b8yKxcAo 
It was great to appear on Piers Morgan Tonight last night as his first live guest. Piers won the Celebrity Apprentice and he's fantastic. 
Be sure to watch Oprah today (4 pm on Channel 7), I'll be on with my entire family and it will be an entertaining hour..http://bit.ly/f7wNY8 
Don't miss my Fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning tonight at 9 pm ET 
Watch Melania on QVC this morning from 10 a.m. to 11 a.m. with her third line of her "Melania Timepieces & Jewelry" collection... 
...when they have no environmental restrictions! America' s workers need us." 
THe people at shouldtrumprun.com have got it right! How are our factories supposed to compete with China and other countries... 
Don't miss my fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning January 31 at 9 pm ET. Celebrity matches and more... 
Busy doing phoners this week with Neil Cavuto, Wolf Blitzer, Fox & Friends, and Larry Kudlow....check out 
Don't forget to watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, 12:35 a.m. on NBC. I'll be making a big announcement! 
This afternoon I'll be speaking with Neil Cavuto on Your World with Neil Cavuto, 4 p.m. on FOX News. 
Watch me on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon tomorrow night at 12:35 a.m. on NBC--I'll be making a big announcement! 
WIshing everyone a happy, healthy and prosperous New Year! 
Wishing everyone a very Happy Holiday season! 
Don't forget to watch Larry King tonight, CNN at 9 pm. He's a television legend and a great friend. It's going to be a fantastic farewell. 
I'll be appearing on Larry King Live for his final show, Thursday night at 9 p.m., CNN. Larry's been on TV for 25 years... 
...Trump International Hotel Las Vegas, and Trump International Hotel & Tower Waikiki Beach Walk. 
Those five hotels includeTrump International Hotel & Tower New York, Trump Soho New York, Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago... 
All the hotels currently open in the Trump Hotel Collection have been nominated for Travel & Leisure's "World's Best Awards 2011" ..... 
Congratulations to Brandy as our new Apprentice and to Clint for being a great player. It's been a terrific season! 
Tonight is the Apprentice finale---and it's a fantastic episode in every way, with the great Liza Minnelli performing and a new Apprentice! 
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one of the best ever--we're down to the final 3, and it's high excitement all the way. 10 pm on NBC. 
Congratulations to Evan Lysacek for being nominated SI sportsman of the year. He's a great guy, and he has my vote! #EvanForSI 
My best wishes to everyone for a Happy Thanksgiving! 
Tomorrow night's episode of The Apprentice delivers excitement at QVC along with appearances by Isaac Mizrahi and Cathie Black. 10 pm on NBC 
Watch CNN tomorrow at 2 pm & 5 pm and on Friday at 7 pm & 11 pm for a Thanksgiving Special hosted by John King. I'll be a featured guest. 
Staff Sgt. Salvatore A. Giunta received the Medal of Honor from Pres. Obama this month. It was a great honor to have him visit me today. 
"CNBC Titans: Donald Trump " will be shown Friday Nov 19th at 9 pm and 1 am, Sunday 11/21 at 9 pm and 11/24 at 7 pm 
We're getting down to the wire on The Apprentice--tune in tonight for some great action! 10 p.m. on NBC. 
My interview last week with Greta van Susteren is available here in slightly abridged form. Good info to know about. 
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice has a big surprise at the top of the show -- don't miss it! 10 p.m. on NBC. 
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one you won't want to miss! Be sure to tune in--10 p.m. on NBC. 
I'll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with Greta Van Susteren, 10 p.m. on Fox News. It will be the first of a two part series. 
I was on The View this morning. We talked about The Apprentice. Tonight's episode is a great one--tough, exciting and surprising. 10 pm/NBC 
Be prepared for a sensational episode of The Apprentice tomorrow night, 10 pm on NBC. 
Don't forget to tune in tonight to see another unpredictable and exciting episode of The Apprentice-- 10 pm on NBC 
An HR solutions company polled 1,000 employed adults to find out who would make ideal bosses... 
Be sure to watch The Apprentice tonight, 10 p.m. on NBC--it's an episode you won't forget! 
Scotland is beautiful and Trump Internatonal Golf Links-Scotland is progressing beautifully as well. 
Don't forget to tune in tonight for another exciting episode of The Apprentice--10 p.m. on NBC. 
I'm honored to be presented the award of Doctor of Business Administration Honoris Causa from Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen, Scotland 
Read Ivanka's blog about last night's Apprentice on Entertainment Weekly ...http://bit.ly/bMNF72 
Tune in tonight at 10 pm on NBC for another exciting episode of The Apprentice -- and see the Dog Whisperer make an appearance. 
See the new sizzle reel for The Apprentice 
Don't forget to tune in tonight at 10 p.m. on NBC for another action packed episode of The Apprentice. 
Be sure to tune in for Melania's second QVC show for "Melania Timepieces & Jewelry" tonight, live from 9-10 pm on QVC 
Don't forget to tune in tonight for the two hour premiere of The Apprentice. 9 pm EST on NBC. We're all in for a fantastic new season! 
Eric did a great job with his Eric Trump Foundation annual charity outing. I'm proud of him. 
I am very happy to have the civilian version of "The Apprentice" back on the air this fall. There will be excitement as well as opportunity. 
Coming up soon: The two hour premiere of The Apprentice. Next Thursday, September 16th, at 9 pm on NBC. 
There's a lot going on at the Eric Trump Foundation ... 
I was invited by Caroline Wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the U.S. Open yesterday. She's fantastic! 
Check out Trump International Hotel & Tower New York --spectacular! 
Check out Serta's Counting Sheep (and me) at the Trump International Hotel New York 
I'll be on The Late Show with David Letterman tonight--be sure to tune in for a great show. 11:30 pm on CBS. 
Went to the Yankees game last night with Bill O'Reilly--we had a great time watching the Yankees win! 
Spent a beautiful weekend golfing at Trump National Golf Club Westchester and Trump National Golf Club Bedminster. 
The Miss Universe Pageant raked in some great ratings! A great job by everyone. 
Congratulations to Miss Mexico, Jimena Navarrete, our new Miss Universe 2010, and congratulations to everyone for a fantastic show. 
It's going to get hotter in Las Vegas tonight! Watch the Miss Universe Pageant tonight on NBC at 9 p.m. I'm looking forward to being there! 
Four more days until the Miss Universe Pageant. Be sure to tune in on Monday night at 9 p.m. on NBC--it will be an amazing show. 
The original Apprentice returns with a two hour premiere on Thursday September 16th. Looking forward to a fantastic season! 
So don't forget to enter the Serta Counting Sheep for Hire contest! www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta 
That trip would be to the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas...http://www.trump.com/Hotel_Collection/Trump_Las_Vegas/Trump_Las_Vegas.asp 
Friday is the last day to enter the Counting Sheep for Hire contest. Click here www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta and you could win a trip 
Check out the last webisode www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite? 
Check out the last webisode in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite? www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta 
Eric's Sept. 14th event will be held at Trump National Golf Club Westchester. 
Mark your calenders for August 23rd: 
Performing live on the Miss Universe Pageant from the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino will be Telemundo, Orianthi, John Legend and The Roots. 
The Miss Universe Pageant will be on August 23 (9-11 p.m. on NBC, ET) with Bret Michaels and Natalie Morales to co-host, live from Las Vegas 
Enter the contest....http://www.facebook.com/sertamattress...and stay at Trump International Hotel Las Vegas 
and stay at the fantastic Trump International Hotel Las Vegas ...http://www.trump.com/Hotel_Collection/Trump_Las_Vegas/Trump_Las_Vegas.asp 
I'm helping the Serta Counting Sheep get back to work. Enter the contest and win a trip to Las Vegas.. 
Could this be my newest apprentice? ...Enter the contest .. .http://www.facebook.com/sertamattress 
I'm proud to accept the 2010 HollyRod Foundation Humanitarian Award from Holly Robinson Peete, who raised $700,000 on Celebrity Apprentice 
and yet another ...all of them are spectacular. 
and here's another....http://www.trump.com/Golf_Clubs/Colts_Neck/Colts_Neck.asp 
Visited some very beautiful golf courses this weekend...this is one...http://www.trump.com/Golf_Clubs/Hudson_Valley/Hudson_Valley.asp 
George Steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend. There will never be anyone like him in New York. We've lost a truly great man. 
The new edition of The Apprentice will be on Thursdays this fall at 10 pm ET---I'm putting people back to work! 
Due to popular demand, CNN will re-broadcast the Larry King Live show I hosted in June, in which I interview Larry. Monday July 5, 9 pm CNN 
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day weekend. We have a lot to be thankful for. 
Work is expected to begin today on my golf course in Scotland. It will be spectacular! 
"Trading Shots with Donald Trump"--a great article in the Wall Street Journal
http://bit.ly/c9eZbq 
The Eric Trump Foundation has raised over $1,000,000 towards St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. 
Great job on the Larry King Live Gulf Telethon last night--$1.3 million was raised in 2 hours. 
For more information on tonight's two hour telethon, 8 to 10 p.m.: 
Tonight be sure to watch Melania and Ivanka on Larry King Live for a Celebrity Relief Telethon 
The Ultimate Merger: 
Tune in tonight at 9 pm on TV One for "The Ultimate Merger" starring the one and only Omarosa and twelve brave bachelors ... 
And Trump SoHo New York is one of the hottest new hotels anywhere.... 
Had a fantastic dinner last night at Quattro, in the Trump SoHo Hotel. It's already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city. 
WSJ covers Ride of Fame 
Rima Fakih, our beautiful Miss USA, rode with me on the Gray Line Ride of Fame yesterday... 
 
Check out Gray Line's site for the Donald Trump Ride of Fame... 
I am honored to be chosen by Gray Line for their NY Ride of Fame Campaign. Today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of Trump Tower. 
Tonight I trade places with Larry King and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show. 9PM on CNN featuring best clips. 
Be sure to watch the Larry King Show tomorrow night on CNN, 9 p.m. I'll be the host, Larry the guest. 
Checking out the course at TNGC Westchester and it is fantastic. Should be a great season. 
I'll be turning the table on Larry King this Saturday night. I'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th Anniversary of his show. 
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day Weekend, with a special thought for all the veterans who have done so much for our freedom. 
The Dunes here are amazing, and they're how I learned about geomorphology, which is the study of movement landforms. We've had a great trip 
The North Coast of Scotland is spectacular--the sea, the sand dunes, the rolling bluffs--we walked the course and it is fantastic. 
Scotland is beautiful. I spent several years looking for the right place, visiting over 200 sites, and this is absolutely the right place! 
The ratings for the Celebrity Apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time. It was a terrific season -- congrats to everyone! 
Ivanka caught up with Bret and Holly backstage. Both Bret and Holly were champions all the way. 
Congratulations to Bret Michaels, the new Celebrity Apprentice. Bret's a true champion, all of us were happy to see him and to see him win! 
Who's your pick--@bretmichaels or ? Vote now on Ivanka's new Facebook page! 
The latest update on Bret Michaels is that he's making every effort to attend the live finale of Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday--so tune in! 
Check out Ivanka's new FaceBook page and keep up with what's happening--from The Celebrity Apprentice, to jewlery to free tickets and more.. 
Put this on your calendar: The Celebrity Apprentice live finale is this Sunday at 9 p.m. on NBC. Who will be the next Celebrity Apprentice? 
Congratulations to our new Miss USA, the beautiful Rima Fakih. Rima will represent us well at Miss Universe and be a wonderful Miss USA . 
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p.m. ET, hosted by Curtis Stone & Natalie Morales live from Las Vegas. 
We're all very happy to hear of Bret Michael's progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery. 
Providing backstage commentary at the Miss USA Pageant will be comedic mother-daughter duo Joan and Melissa Rivers. A fantastic lineup! 
Also appearing on the Miss USA Pageant will be Country Superstar Trace Adkins and Pop Rock Sensation Boys Like Girls... 
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p.m. ET, hosted by Curtis Stone and Natalie Morales. 
Be sure to look for my beautiful wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 9 pm ET where she will be debuting her fantastic jewelry collection. 
Melania will be on QVC tomorrow night at 9 p.m. ET to introduce her beautiful and inspiring Melania Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry collection. 
Melania and I will be appearing on Larry King Live tonight, 9 p.m. on CNN. Be sure to tune in for some great conversation! 
Our thoughts and prayers remain with Bret Michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery. 
To put on your calendar for May: Miss USA 2010, live from Las Vegas on May 16th, 7 p.m. ET on NBC. I'll be there--tune in for a great show! 
Melania and I will be appearing on The View tomorrow at 11 a.m. on CBS. Tune in for some great fun! 
Melania and I saw American Idiot on Broadway last night and it was great. An amazing theatrical experience! 
Tune in to The Marriage Ref onThursday night at 10 p.m. on NBC--I'm on the panel of experts along with Gloria Estefan & Adam Carolla. 
On Sunday, Jerome Bettis 'the bus' from the Pittsburgh Steelers will play at Trump Int'l Golf Club/Palm Beach against Julius Erving 'Dr J' 
"Before Kids Can Go Places, They Need a Place To Go" -- the motto of The Police Athletic League, an organization I'm very proud to support 
Looking forward to seeing the World Champion Yankees today on opening day! 
The premiere of "Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf" is tomorrow night at 9 p.m.
ET on Golf Channel. Tune in for a great adventure! 
This is a terrific day for downtown New York. Trump SoHo is unlike anything else. Be sure to visit this fantastic hotel soon! 
Trump SoHo opens this Friday and it is fantastic! Check out the Trump Hotel Collection...
http://www.trump.com/ 
My bestselling book from last April, Think Like a Champion, is now available in paperback. It's inspiring, entertaining, and a great read. 
Then we attended the Scottish fashion show that benefits veterans, Dressed to Kilt 2010, which I co-hosted with Sir Sean and Lady Connery. 
Last night Melania and I attended the Skating with the Stars Gala at Wollman Rink in Central Park, it was fantastic. Stay tuned for Part 2.. 
Today's open call drew thousands of eager applicants. It was an impressive group, I enjoyed meeting them. We've got some great candidates! 
Don't forget the open call at Trump Tower tomorrow for The Apprentice. I look forward to seeing you there. 
The NYC casting call for The Apprentice is thisThursday, April 1 at Trump Tower. For all the information you need, go to NBC.com/casting. 
The original Apprentice is coming back--do you have what it takes to be the next Apprentice? For casting details: 
The Trump Hotel Collection is currently nominated for Conde Nast Traveler Readers Choice Awards, Travel & Leisure and World Travel Awards. 
Last week's episode of the Celebrity Apprentice set the stage for a great new season. Tune in this Sunday on NBC for even more excitement. 
I am happy to announce that theoriginal Apprentice --which will offer job opportunities to those in need--is coming back. 
Olympic Gold Medalist Evan Lysacek just left my office. He is in town and wanted to meet me--he's a fanastic guy and a true champion. 
The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice is off to a great start-- last night it swept the 10 p.m. hour in every key demographic. 
The Celebrity Apprentice has a two-hour premiere this Sunday, March 14th, at 9 p.m. on NBC. This will be the best season yet, see you then! 
From Donald Trump: Andrea Bocelli Mar-a-Lago - Many say best night of entertainment in long history of Palm Beach 
Donald Trump appeared on the final episode of The Jay Leno Show to deliver a very special message: 
Superbowl Sunday is a great American tradition. The Colts and Saints are already champions, but may the best team win! 
Golf Channel & Donald Trump's World of Golf host a Celebrity Match 1/25 TNGC LA, CA - Mark Wahlberg vs. Kevin Dillon 
from Donald Trump: "I saw Lady Gaga last night and she was fantastic!" 
Trump Tycoon App for iPhone & iPod Touch - It's $2.99 but the advice is priceless! 
Celebrity Apprentice returns to NBC, Sunday, 3/14, 9-11PM ET/PT. Outstanding list of celebrities & season should be the best one yet! 
Trump International Tower in Chicago ranked 6th tallest building in world by Council on Tall Buildings & Urban Habitat 
Wishing you and yours a very Happy and Bountiful Thanksgiving! 
Donald Trump Partners with TV1 on New Reality Series Entitled, Omarosa's Ultimate Merger: 
Hear Donald Trump discuss big gov spending, banks, & taxes on Your World w/Neil Cavuto: 
Watch video of Ivanka Trump sharing business advice with 4 entrepreneurial women on GMA: 
- Read what Donald Trump has to say about daughter Ivanka's upcoming new book, The Trump Card: 
"A lot of people have imagination, but can't execute--you have to execute with the imagination." --Donald J. Trump 
Read Donald Trump's Top Ten Tips for Success: 
- More hysterical DSRL videos featuring Donald Trump and "Double Trump" plus enter Golden Lick Race Sweepstakes: 
- Donald Trump bids to buy the Oreo Double Stuf Racing League. Check it out: 
Reminder: The Miss Universe competition will be LIVE from the Bahamas - Tonight 9pm (EST) on NBC: 
Watch the Miss Universe competition LIVE from the Bahamas - Sunday, 8/23 9pm (ET) on NBC: 
-- Watch Donald Trump's recent appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman: 
Ivanka is now on Twitter - You can follow her - Have a terrific weekend! 
Browse Donald Trump's Summer Reading List for Business Success at the Trump University Blog: 
Check out a list of Donald Trump's books for summer reading at the Trump University Blog: 
Congrats to winners from around the world who entered the "Think Like A Champion" signed book/keychain contest! 
Donald Trump backs 'Apprentice' Randal Pinkett for N.J. Lieutenant Governor: 
"Be aware of things that seem inexplicable because they can be a big step towards innovation." --Donald J. Trump 
Here's to a safe and happy Independence Day for one and all - Enjoy it! --Donald J. Trump 
Watch a powerful and frank interview with Donald Trump about the economy on Greta Van Susteren's On The Record: 
- Wishing a Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's out there - YOU are a champion today and everyday! 
RE: FB Vanity URLs: SF Chronicle - "David Beckham was one of the first, along with Britney Spears & Donald Trump." 
Today is Donald Trump's Birthday! Send him your B'day wishes here: 
Last week to enter the "Think Like A Champion" signed book and keychain contest: 
Check out Donald Trump's new iGoogle Showcase page:
http://bit.ly/DdD2A 
"You have to know when to call it quits and when to keep moving forward." --Donald J. Trump 
Read an excerpt from Think Like A Champion by Donald J. Trump: 
"Your higher self is in direct opposition to your comfort zone." --Donald J. Trump 
Did you know Donald Trump is on Facebook? - Become a fan today! 
Don't forget to enter the "Think Like A Champion" signed book and keychain contest: 
"Keep it fast, short and direct - whatever it is." --Donald J. Trump 
Read a great interview with Donald Trump that appeared in The New York Times Magazine: 
"Always know you could be on the precipice of something great." --Donald J. Trump 
"We win in our lives by having a champion's view of each moment." --Donald J. Trump 
Enter the "Think Like A Champion" signed book and keychain contest:
http://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com/contest/ 
"Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact." --Donald J. Trump 
Listen to an interview with Donald Trump discussing his new book, Think Like A Champion: 
Miss USA Tara Conner will not be fired - "I've always been a believer in second chances." says Donald Trump 
New Blog Post: Celebrity Apprentice Finale and Lessons Learned Along the Way: 
Donald Trump reads Top Ten Financial Tips on Late Show with David Letterman: - Very funny! 
Donald Trump will be appearing on The View tomorrow morning to discuss Celebrity Apprentice and his new book Think Like A Champion! 
Be sure to tune in and watch Donald Trump on Late Night with David Letterman as he presents the Top Ten List tonight! 
